Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to Vice President Pence. He's a good guy. We've done a great job together. And Merry Christmas, Michigan. Thank you, Michigan. What a victory we had in Michigan. What a victory was that. One of the greats. Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God. Thank you very much. And did you notice that everybody is saying Merry Christmas again? Did you notice? Saying Merry Christmas. I remember when I first started this beautiful trip, this beautiful journey, I just said to the First Lady, "You are so lucky. I took you on this fantastic journey. It's so much fun. They want to impeach you. They want to do worse than that." By the way, by the way, by the way, it doesn't really feel like we're being impeached. The country is doing better than ever before. We did nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong. And we have tremendous support in the Republican Party like we've never had before. Nobody's ever had this kind of support. But this sacred season, our country is thriving and it's thriving truly like it has never, it has never happened before to the extent what's happening now. And by the way, your state, because of us, not because of local government, but because of us, because of the job that we've done. Because I understand she's not fixing those potholes. That's what the word is. It was all about roads and they want to raise those gasoline taxes on you. We don't want to do that. But she's not fixing the potholes. But Michigan's had the best year it's ever had. Best year it's ever had. And that's because we have auto companies expanding and thriving and they're coming in from Japan and they're coming in from a lot of other places. Look what's happening. And you know, I don't know if you know this, but probably 10 years ago I was honored. I was the Man Of The Year by I think somebody, whoever. I was the Man Of The Year in Michigan. Can you believe it? Long time. And that was long before I ever decided to do this. I was happy. I had a beautiful life. What the hell did I do this for? But look how we're doing. Do we love it? I love it. But anyway, I was the Man Of The Year and probably close to 10 years ago and I came to Michigan. He said, "You're still the Man Of The Year." Thank you. Who said that? Thank you. So I came in and I remember the speech so well. I said, "Why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to Mexico and to go from China where they come in from China, they build them in China, they sell them into our country with no tax and you lose your jobs, you lose your factories, the companies leave and you get nothing. Why are they lying?" I asked that a long time ago and we stopped it. We've stopped it. And you see that. And we just made the USMCA. We're getting rid of NAFTA, which I think is the worst trade deal ever. And it's very exciting. It's a great deal. It's a great deal. It's going to stop exactly what we were just talking about. It makes it very, very prohibitive. They can do it, but they've got to pay a hell of a big price to do it. And history has proven that stops them. But we have a great USMCA that we negotiated with Mexico, with Canada. Now, from the standpoint of the farmers, you know what's going on. We had tremendous trade barriers in Canada. We had attacks on dairy products, 297% tariff, nobody talked about it, with Canada. And we had some really bad things with Mexico. We now have a wonderful deal. And if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done what? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries and that would have been it, right? That would have been it. Unfortunately the deal's been sitting with Nancy Pelosi for a long time and what happened? And she had a lot of pressure, especially from manufacturing areas, farm areas, a lot of pressure to sign it. So here's what happens. So I get along with labor. I had a lot of union labor vote for me, tremendous amount of labor. In New York where I come from, we have a lot of unions. And that's okay. That's fine. So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal. And now you have the Democrats trying to take credit for this deal and that's okay. Whatever it takes. For seven months, it sits. They don't do anything. We give. And by the way, I spoke to the unions the day before I say, "Fellows, you got to get it done." And union labor loves me and I love you too sir. I love you too sir. So we have a great deal with Mexico, with Canada. And it is true. I say it out loud because I say it to them right now. If they ever wanted to break the deal, that's okay. If somebody wants to break a deal with me, you always have to have an alternative, right? And this country, the deals we made, we did a deal with South Korea. That's great. We did a deal with Japan, 40 billion dollar deal with Japan. It was just a little piece of a deal. Okay? That was a piece of a deal. And I said to Japan, "Look, you got to make this deal or we're going to put a 20% tariff on the cars. And that's more money than anything we're talking about." That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. Get her out. Ger her out of here. Oh well. You're about to hear the greatest speech you've ever heard. And that's going to be the publicity because all the fake news back there will say massive riot… Massive riots. Fake news. But seriously, look, look, look, they won't say it. They won't say it, because when we have protesters all in favor, they don't talk about it, but there's a slob. There's a real slob. Wait, wait a minute. She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom. But she made… Look, she screams a little bit. And you know what I like to do? Avoid them. Because I'll tell you the big problem. I could hardly hear her. What happens is all of you people go crazy. Look, look, look, and the place. Okay, so there's one disgusting person who made… Wait, wait, who made a… I wouldn't say this, but made a horrible gesture with the wrong finger right? Now they won't say that, the fake news, they won't say it. If one of us did that, it would be like the biggest story ever. I think it's terrible. And I'll tell you the other thing, I don't know who the security company is, but the police came up, but they want to be so politically correct so they don't grab her wrist lightly and get her out. They say, "Oh, would you please come? Would you please come with me?" Sure. "Ma'am, would you?" And then she gives the guy the finger and he, "Oh, Oh." You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks. And they… . Making another group of tariffs, seven and a half percent. This gives us a lot of currency to do the phase two deal, which they want to start, but we're taking in billions of dollars and to help the farmers who were targeted, 16 billion and 12 billion the previous year, helps the farmers. So you know what we do, out of that big check that we get, all that money flows into the treasury. Out of the big check, we gave the farmers 16 billion dollars and 12 billion for the previous year. And you know, the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers. I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House. You know what they said to me? I said, "Don't worry about it. We're going to take care of you guys." And I used a bad word. You know what word I used? We're going to get you a subsidy. And they said this two years ago, I said, "How much were you targeted for?" This was the first year. "12 billion, sir." The second year was 16. They were target. That's what they didn't get from China. So I said, "It's all right, we're going to give you a subsidy of the same and we're going to take it out of the tariffs and we're going to have billions and billions of dollars left over." And they said, "Sir, we don't want money. We just want a level playing field." I've never seen that before. I've never seen that before. So we will have invested in our military, since I'm here, which is less than three years. Our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted. It was depleted. It was in bad shape. We had fighter jets that were 35 years old. We had planes that were 60 years… You heard where the father flew them, the grandfather flew them, and now the young son comes in. We've got the best equipment in the world now. Spent two and a half trillion dollars, made in the USA. Two and a half trillion. We will shortly. That'll be all finished. We're going to have the greatest… Now we have the best planes. We're going to have the best ships. We're building a lot of ships now. We're building the most powerful weapons in the world. Now, we don't want to even talk about it. We never want to use them. But you know, the way we're not going to have to use them is if we have them. We're building submarines, the power of which nobody's ever seen before. Nobody's ever seen before. It's funny, we have these companies come in. I like to make good deals. You like to make good deals. That's what we do, right? So these really countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes dictators, those we can't deal with too much. "Sir, we'd like to buy a nuclear submarine." I say, "No thanks." I turn them all down. You have no idea how many people… But we're building some of the… They're the most powerful weapons ever made by man or womankind. I say mankind and womankind. They can definitely fight. They're the real deal. These guys, so good looking. I said, "You could be a movie star. Go to Hollywood." "No sir. I like doing what I'm doing." So I said to these guys, you going to see, just like central casting, I said, I said, "Fellas, how good is this plane?" They said, "Sir, it's great." "Why?" "Because the enemy can't see it." That helps. Stealth. It's actually called super stealth. So I said, "You mean they can't see, so you shoot at them but they can't…" He said, "They have no idea where we are, sir." I said, "That sounds good to me." Nobody does it. Nobody can do it. We have the whole thing and we bought in a lot of those planes, we bought in a lot of great stuff. And I won't tell you the story, but very early on I thought we were going to have a problem someplace, and one of the generals came up to me and said, "Sir, don't go. Don't do it." "Why?" "We don't have the ammunition." And I said two things. I never want to hear a President. Right? We never want to have a President hear that again, nor do we want a President to have to go through the crap that we were going through back then. But, another thing we did, which to me is such an incredible thing to have done. It's such an honor. So our last US Armed Forces, the last branch was the Air Force, right? That was many, many decades ago. We are now building and we have now gotten funding for the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, The Space Force. So I'll be able to tell my kids someday and everybody else, "See that Space Force? That was my baby." And you think that was easy? That's not easy. Because you have Democrats that do not like our military. They do not like our military. And we did something yesterday, because for three years I would see people that run… Incredible people, the heads of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the country. And every year they'd come in and they'd be looking for help. They needed help and they do need help with it and it's great and they do an incredible job. So many great schools, but they need help. And every year they'd have to come and come. I got to know them actually. I said, "The only bad thing is you won't see me too much anymore." Because we just provided record funding for a nation's Historically Black Colleges and Universities. And it's longterm, they're not going to have to come. So I said, "Look, we could do it where we do it every year or we'll do what we have. What do you want?" They said, "Let us just have it." So we'll miss them. But they are great people. They've done an incredible job. And our extraordinary jobs boom, which created another 266,000 jobs last month, and then you add the undercount from the previous two months, you're close to 300,000 jobs. And they said, if you're a business watcher which I am, I love watching business, but they said they were guessing, could be 70,000, could be 80,000, maybe 90, maybe 110, somebody said. Then the number comes out, 266,000 with an adjustment. Remember about four months ago when we had one little period, right? We had one little period where there was a little downturn. They said, "Oh, Oh, we think we're going into a recession." I said, "Don't worry about it." "We think we're going into a recession." They were willing to lose their wealth. They were willing for this stocks and whatever the hell they own, what do you guys own back there? Let it go. They'll go bust. They don't care. Anything to get rid of us. Not me, us. And you know what? Then all of a sudden, and now for the last couple of weeks, we've set brand new records in the history of the various stock markets. So, as of yesterday, we've had 133 record days in the stock market now, and that's in less than three years. So when I see that I don't care because I don't… I'm not allowed to have stock. I can't have stock. They consider it a conflict of interest and that I can understand. I agree. I can. But you know what? I'll tell you what. What I see, I see tremendous job growth because we're setting records. But you know what I also see? The 401ks where people are up 90%, they're up 97%, they're up 82%. I tell you the story all the time. I mean, I have people coming up to me, and a man came up, a policeman. I've told this story, but I've had many, so many times, but this guy in particular, because it was early and that was a year ago. That was a long time ago. Right now it's much higher than that. But he said, "Sir, I want to thank you. My wife thinks I'm a loser. All my life, we never did well with the 401ks, with stocks. Everything I invested, I'm up 72%, sir. She thinks I'm a financial genius. She's so in love with me. She so in love." He said, "She said, ‘Darling, I think you're one of the greatest investors. Why don't you do this professionally?' And I don't even know what I'm doing, sir. I just have all these stocks." So I just wanted to tell you, I look at a 401k, who has 401ks here? So that's what I see. I don't care about the rich ones. I care about everybody. I care. I care about everybody actually. Ford motor company just announced that it is investing 1.5 billion dollars into auto factories in the Detroit area, creating another 3000 Michigan jobs. And that's on top of the many other investments we've gotten from Japanese companies, car companies, and other companies. But they're all coming in and a lot of them are coming to Michigan. And I say, "Hey, go to Michigan." Sometimes they'll go south and that's okay, whatever. I want them in this country. But ideally I want to fill them up. We're doing so well in Michigan with the auto companies. Now you're back. You're back. So, you're back. Very proud of you. Very proud of you. But while we're creating jobs, fighting for Michigan workers, and achieving numbers that you've never seen before, incredible victories for the American people are happening. The radical left in Congress is consumed with hatred and envy and rage. You see what's going on? I'll tell you, these people are crazy. You ever hear, "It's the economy, stupid." You know that was Clinton's saying. If you have a good economy. I have the greatest economy in the history of this country and nobody talks about it. Nobody talks about it. If you're a Democrat, they say, " Oh, it's the economy…" If the economy's any good. And let me just tell you a little secret. If crooked Hillary would've won, your economy would have crashed. You were going down. The regulations were taking it down. The taxes were taking it down, instead of being up 92% or whatever you're up, a lot, you would have been down, you would have been at less than half. It was crashing. For all those people that would say, "Oh, it's the Obama…" Let me tell you something. You were dying. And if you look at that first period of a couple of months, it was a disaster, but it was heading south. And as sure as you're standing, and I'm sorry we couldn't get you seats, we didn't have any room. And by the way, 20,000 people outside had to leave. You know? It's so cold outside we told them, "Don't worry about a screen, go home, go home and watch." But we had, this is about a 5,500 seat arena. And I said to my people, "Why so small?" Are we spoiled? I watch these guys come in like Biden, he has a big rally and they get 93 people show up. No, it's true. I don't understand it. And did you see the new polls from USA Today came out? I'm killing everybody. And they hate me. USA Today hates me. But there's a poll, we're beating everybody. But, so Biden has this rally, they've got 200 seats, but only a small number of people. So you know what they do? They set up a round table. So think of these people. They come in, they think they're going to listen to the speech, they end up sitting on a round table discussing… They must've been happy, right? We don't have enough room for round tables. I'm sorry folks. No, they set up a round table but I think we're doing great. And how do you beat what we've done? With the economy, with our great vets, with choice. You've finally got choice. They've been trying to get it for almost 50 years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. And these people back here? Your seat or stand is better. Right? But you know what? They're going to be much more famous because the cameras can't see you. They can only see them. And the other thing, the cameras, do you ever notice, I go to these stadiums, 25, 30,000 people. They never show the crowd. You know why? Because they don't want to have… If crazy Pocahontas, if crazy Pocahontas goes to the middle of Central Park or whatever. She's in Manhattan. You got me. And people, I mean, I could have, I could have Baron Trump go into Central Park and he'd get a crowd that would be just as… He's 13. He'd get a bigger crowd. But if she has the crowd, "Oh, these crowds are so big." I've had crowds over the last couple of weeks. We went to different Pennsylvania, Florida. But I mean thousands and thousands of people can't get into these NBA arenas, right? Big arenas. And we set records at everyone because we use the floor. Thank you. I appreciate it. But we use the floor, right? The basketball court. So we set records at every arena. They never even mention the crowds. They never mention the crowds. It's sort of amazing. You know what? I don't think we've ever had an empty seat from the time I came down the escalator. That's a long time ago. I don't think we've ever had an empty seat. Now what the crooked media does though, if you got like over here, look how packed it is and there's thousands outside, but I… "Please go home. You're going to catch pneumonia." But here's the thing. If this man and that beautiful woman happened to get up because they want to go to the bathroom, those cameras will turn to those two seats and they'll say "Trump wasn't able to fill up the arena." I always get nervous when I see some… I know they're coming back. Nobody ever leaves our speeches. Because is there a better place to be in the world than a Trump rally? But every time I see a man get up, I see a beautiful woman with a baby and they're getting up. The baby's going crazy and they're getting up. They're going to take it… But I know they're going to be right back. And I say, "Fill those two seats. I don't want them to see it." Because they'll say, "Couldn't fill up the arena." These are truly dishonest people. After three years of sinister witch hunts, hoaxes, scams, tonight the House Democrats are trying to nullify the ballots of tens of millions of patriotic Americans. Capped off with one of the greatest election evenings in history. Was that the greatest? Remember when they all said, remember when they all said, "No, no. You can't win Michigan. You can't." Then I went, I did one in Grand Rapids, right? Grand Rapids. We had 32,000 people that night. It was one o'clock in the morning. That means it was Election Day when I started speaking. Hillary, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and Bill Clinton, they did an emergency trip. They did an emergency trip to Michigan at six o'clock. They got here at prime time. They started to speak. She had 500 people. I got here at one o'clock in the morning the next day, which is now Election Day. How many people were there? 32,000 people outside, inside. It was the last speech of Michigan. And they say, "Well, sir, it's very hard to win Michigan." I said, "Why would it be hard?" Here's the beautiful thing. Everything I told you I've done, but much more so. I said I was going to bring car companies back. I said I was going to bring in… I just hope you people know that. I just hope you know it. But I'll never forget that night. And in all fairness to Bill Clinton, he used to be a friend of mine until I ran for office. I like him, I like him. But he told, you know the way they tried to shut him out, right? Because he's a pro. He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct. He doesn't need… Right? Because he's a pro. He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct. He doesn't need polling companies. Who the hell wants him? You know, if you want a polling company, pick up the newspaper. The problem is the newspaper polls are more fake than the news they write. They write fake polls. It's true, they write fake polls. You call them suppression polls. You read them and you get depressed, because it looks like you're doing badly. They do that. I think it's almost worse than what they write, and you can't get much worse than what they write. So what happens is Bill Clinton said to Crooked Hillary, his very dishonest wife, Crooked Hillary. Do you think he calls her Crooked Hillary? He might. Maybe he just calls her crooked? He said, "Crooked, I'm telling you. Crooked, I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan. I don't like what I'm seeing in Wisconsin." He said, "I took the trip to Wisconsin and I'll tell you what, they had those Trump/Pence signs all the way to the convention area, every lawn, every loan. I don't like Wisconsin." And then he said, "Oh, don't worry about it." What the hell does he know? They told him, "What do you know?" Remember, they shut him out at the … They didn't want him talking. He was right. I mean, I don't want to cause any problems in the family, but he was right. But he talked about Wisconsin. Then he talked about Michigan. He said, "Crooked, I'm telling you, Crooked, I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan. I was in Michigan and I'm telling you, they had those damn signs. I saw some houses where they had four of them on one lawn, and two of them on the car." And he said, "You horrible human being. You'd better start listening to me, because you're going to get your ass whooped? And you know what happened? You know what happened? She didn't listen, fortunately. And she didn't come to Michigan enough. And she didn't come to Wisconsin, I think at all, right? Because her polling data looked good. It looked good to me, too. Every time I went there with these crowds. So we won Wisconsin. We won Michigan and the great Ronna McDaniel … where is Ronna? Where is Ronna? Ronna, she was so horrible. I didn't know her, Ronna McDaniel, and she was so aggressive. She kept calling and said, "Could you please come out to Michigan?" I said, "Who the hell are you?" And I said, "What do you mean, another trip?" So anyway, I made, we had these big crowds. I made it again. Then finally I said, two weeks out, I said, "Ronna, no more. We're going to win it or we're not." "Okay." 00 in the evening for this final deal in Grand Rapids. "Sir, could you come to Michigan tonight?" And I thought, I was just about finished. I went to a last great state, and I said, "It's over." Now I sit back and I watch, and let's see what happens, right? But she said, "Could you come to Michigan?" I said, that is the most aggressive human being I've ever met. And we did it. And we won Michigan. And the word is that we're much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in Michigan. You better remember when you walk into … you know, it's November 3rd this time, November 3rd. By the way though, that evening, that incredible evening in November, one of the biggest nights in the history of television. You never hear them say it, so I might as well. That election … and my debates … you see their debates are dying. Who wants to watch Buttigieg, Buttigieg? Buttigieg! You know that you pronounce it they say … I heard some guy saying, "No, no, because it's an unpronounceable name." That's why they call him Mayor Pete, right? Mayor Pete. Mayor Pete. Mayor Pete! I've had you up to here, Mayor Pete. No, Buttigieg is leading. How does … no, you say it this way. You say it … they call him Mayor Pete, because nobody can pronounce his last name. That's the only … people think it says … by the way, you know what? I'm not going to say bad things about him. You know why? I'd love him to win. I thought I knocked off Pocahontas. I did it a year too early, a year too early. I give her credit, she then started to come back. I don't think she's going to make it though. She's gasping. She's gasping for air. But I saw them pronouncing Buttigieg, and they said, "Here's what you do, boot edge edge." Say, "Edge, like the edge of a building. Edge edge," Buttigieg. Alfred E. Newman. You got to be older to know what that means. But congressional Democrats are directly attacking 2.3 million Michigan voters who rose up in 2016, won the state, and now the Democrats are very upset. They want to get Michigan back. They just don't know how to do it, because they didn't do a thing for Michigan. They didn't do anything for Michigan. All they did was take away your companies and let them go to Mexico and other places. You know, I don't know if you know it, Mexico has 32% of your car business. You know that, right? Not because of me. They're not moving. But Mexico has … 32% of our car business moved to Mexico. Can you believe this? Before I got there, but that's what I used to talk about. I said, when I was honored that night, I said, "How do you let this happen? How do you let all these companies leave?" It used to go, … it's probably maybe the single biggest reason I ran for president. It might be the … and I had a lot of them. Immigration, I had a lot of them, but that may be the single biggest. With today's illegal unconstitutional and partisan impeachment, the do nothing Democrats, and they are do nothing … all they want to do is focus on this, what they could be doing … are declaring their deep hatred and disdain for the American voter. This lawless, partisan impeachment is a political suicide march for the Democrat Party. Have you seen my polls in the last four weeks? It's crazy. It's crazy. You know why? Because people, we have an election right down the road. I announced three months ago that I'm running, right? I'll give you a little clue. I announced because I figured once I announce, they'd never impeach, nobody would be so stupid. But they'd been trying to impeach me from day one. They've been trying to impeach me from before I ran, okay? Because if you remember when I ran, I went immediately to number one, never came off number one. We had center stage from day one in the debates. So we had, I don't know, 14, 15 debates. We had a total of 18, actually. People forgot there was one that they never talk about it, but that's okay. But we had 18 people, and I was center stage. And I said, "Wait a minute, this is no good." I want odd numbers, because of your center stage, if you have a 10 that means two people are in the middle. So I said, "Make it 11 or make it nine, or I'm not showing up." And generally they did it, because we were way ahead from the beginning. But I made a lot of great friends out of that group, and many of them are good friends today. Although you wouldn't know it based on the … they say that was the meanest … that was a pretty mean primary, you got to say. Wasn't that fun? I liked it. Through their depraved actions today, Crazy Nancy Pelosi's House Democrats have branded themselves with an eternal mark of shame, and it really is. It's a disgrace. Democrat lawmakers do not believe you have the right to select your own president. They think that the Washington swamp, which we believe it or not, it ain't easy, because they got so much stacked, including these guys. You know what? These guys are apart of the Democrat Party. They are a part of it. You might as well call them Democrats. You know, it's owned by Commicast. They're just as bad as CNN, or they're just as bad as MSNBC. And by the way, CNN and MSNBC, their ratings are down the tubes. It's great. I love it. I love it. But they think the Washington swamp should be able to veto the results of an election. That's what they think. There's never been a time like this. Think of it, you have the greatest economy in the history of the world. Other countries come to see me, all of their leaders, and they say, "Sir, " first thing, "Sir, congratulations on your economy. We're trying to do the same thing. Congratulations, sir." And these guys don't like talking about it. And if they do, they say, "Obama did it. Oh, Obama, Obama." Remember Obama said, "You will never be president. He will never be president?" Then remember he said, "I will consider it a personal front if you allow him to be president?" And then I became president. He wasn't so happy. And in all fairness, he campaigned harder than Crooked Hillary, because he had more strength. I mean, I go to these places, Secret Service, they take me. I haven't seen a lobby in three years. It's true. I go through basements. I pass compactor plants. I know more about compactors from this job. I don't see lobbies. I say "Fellows, you think you could ever maybe take me through a lobby?" "No, sir." But I'll tell you what. I go upstairs, downstairs, all around. They're taking me up three flights, go down one. I said, "Are we almost there?" "Yes, sir, another four flights." And I say, "You think Hillary could do this? I don't think so." They'd bring her back home. She wants to go to sleep. And now I hear she wants to run again. Wouldn't that be great? Oh. Thank you. Thank you. Oh would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? Wait until that happens. Wouldn't that be … Oh, there's my guy. Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up. Well look, based on the FBI report, you just saw what happened with the IG, where they came out with the FBI. Based on that, you know what? I never stopped you. But now, think of what they did. Think of what they did. Think of how dishonest it all was. They shouldn't even be allowed to have an impeachment, because it was based on dishonesty. It was based on illegality. She went out, and they paid for a fake dossier. They gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier, totally disproven, totally fake. The FBI then took that fake dossier and they used it in the FISA Court to get approval to spy on my campaign. And if we were Democrats, they would've been in jail two years ago. It's a disgrace. Think of what they did. So they use this fake dossier, and they brought it before this big deal court. It's a big deal, the FISA Court. And they said this stuff, and they lied about it, because Comey, who's another beauty … did I do a great job when I fired his ass? What a great job. Oh no, they had bad plans. No, I did a great thing. That was like throwing a rock at a hornet's nest. Did that place explode? And then we learned about Lisa Page, and her wonderful lover, Peter Strzok. I love you Lisa. I love you more than anybody in the world. I love you more than anybody in the world. It causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that. Those tapes didn't work well. No, how about those statements, right? And then they say, "In all fairness," … I really liked the report, but how does the Inspector General say … because don't forget, he was appointed by Obama. So I'm not knocking him because he gave us a lot of nuggets, but we had a lot of those nuggets. How does the Inspector General say, "You have these horrible … he's going to lose. Isn't he? He's going to lose, or she's going to win 100 million." Did you see all the zeros? It was like … I'm blinking. I says, "I think it's 100." "He's going to lose 100 to one. Isn't he Peter? I love you so much, Peter. I've never loved anyone like you. He's going to lose 100 million to one, Peter, right?" "That's right. He's going to lose 100 million to one." But there's no bias. How about the insurance policy? To me, the greatest. Just in case she loses, we have an insurance policy! We're in the insurance policy right now folks! We've been in it for three years, that's what they meant. I mean the insurance policy is on an artificial respirator, because we're doing awfully well. And I'll tell you something, Rush Limbaugh said it. Sean Hannity said it. Laura Ingram said it. Tucker said it. Ainsley said it, but a lot of people have said it. They said, "There's nobody in the world that could have handled that stuff that happened, and still created one of the greatest economies, and done more than any other president ever before in the first three years." I understand that. I understand that, but it's my life, very unfair to my family. I have to say this very, very unfair to my family. What they put my family through is a disgrace. Me, it's my life. It's fine. I do. But you know what? What they put my family through is a disgrace, and they ought to be ashamed, and we should get apologies all over the place. So yesterday I sent Pelosi a letter denouncing and condemning her party's outrageous abusive power. That's what it is. They have nothing. They're the ones that should be impeached, every one of them. I mean you got this guy, Schiff. He makes up a statement, and he goes in front of Congress where he has immunity, and he makes up a statement from me that's totally fictitious, totally out of thin air. The worst statement I've ever heard. Many people saw it. I had a person two weeks ago that said, "I didn't love the statement you made. I said, "Really? Didn't you read the transcripts?" I always say, "Read the transcript. But didn't you read it" "No, no. I heard it on television. I watched Adam Schiff." He made it up. I then sent him the transcript. He said, "Oh, now I feel better. That's perfect." I call it perfect. He called it perfect. Everyone calls it, if you read it. But here's the thing. He makes up this statement, and it finished. Didn't he have eight quid pro quos? Eight. Could you imagine, you're dealing with a country, and you say eight times that you've got to do something. The first time they say, "Well." The second time they say, "That's strange." Third time they say, "What's wrong?" You said eight times? Eight times. They'd have you arrested. They'd have you put into an insane asylum. But he actually said … I think he said eight, not seven, eight. And then he finished with, "Don't call me, I'll call you." Can you imagine? The President of the United States, "Don't call me, I'll call you." You know what that is? That's a mafia statement, okay? That's the head of the mafia saying, "Don't call me." This guy actually said that, and then he walked away and people became incensed, because they knew that wasn't the people that read the thing. Most people believed him. He's a liar! Because you know, he's a corrupt politician, 100%. No, he's a corrupt … and then I see him. By the way, you ever see this guy? He walks up to the mics. I mean, we're not … all fairness, look, I don't want to be … because with Me Too, I never even think about looks anymore, okay? I don't talk about looks of a male or a female, but in his case, let's just say … the last time I'll ever refer to this. He's not exactly the best looking guy we've ever seen. No, any mic. He walks up to the mic, and he's so just, "This is a sad, sad day for America. Our president is an employee of Russia. I have absolute proof that the president," this is at the beginning, and every week they'd say, "Where's the proof?" "It's coming. It's coming." Then we get the Mueller report, nothing. And I'll tell you what, I know some of the people in this audience. If I spent not $45 million, not 18 Trump haters, I call them the angry Democrats. It was 13, then it went to 18, and then Mueller. Did Muller do a good job? Did he do a good job? No! Boo! How was his performance in front of Congress? Boo! Not the best, but think of this, $45 million they spent. And you know, I heard somebody say, "Well, we got back some of that money." Let me tell you, you cost this country billions, and billions, and billions of dollars in all of the things that didn't get done, in all of the embarrassment to our country. You caused billions and billions of dollars, and it was a hoax. But this guy, Schiff, "I have absolute proof. I have this. I have that, this, that." Anytime he sees a camera and he's stone faced, stone faced. He's a pathological liar. He gets up, and I've never seen anything like it. Even I was saying, "I wonder what he has. What does he have?" He says, "I have absolute," I said, "I haven't spoken to Russia in year. What the hell do I have to do with Russia?" But this guy gets up … oh, I think we have a vote coming in. Haleigh! Wow! Thank you, Haleigh, great job. Wow. The Republican party has never been so affronted, but they've never been so united as they are right now, ever, never. And I know the senators, and they're great guys, and women too. We have some great women. We have great guys. They're great people. They love this country. They're going to do the right thing. They're going to do the right thing. So I said in my letter to Pelosi … I love that. You know, usually there's one, two. The Republicans, look, I've said it for a long time. The Democrats are lousy politicians, they really are. They've got horrible policies, open borders, crime is fine, drugs pouring through. I mean, think of what they do. Sanctuary cities, they love sanctuary cities. They're lousy politicians, but they have one thing … two things. They are vicious. They're the most vicious people. The Republicans aren't as vicious. They may learn to be vicious after going through this, though. But the other thing, the Democrats always stick together. Now think of it, three Democrats went over to our side, no Republicans. It's unheard of. And by the way, this is for a hundred years. I'm not just talking about this little point in time. The Republicans are known as, it's always harder to stick together. These people are great. We have a great Republican Party, and we have to get that change. We have to take back the house. You'll have the greatest healthcare ever if we take … and by the way, we had another victory. The individual mandate, just a little while ago, it came over the wires, it was just upheld. The individual mandate is now gone. The most unpopular part of Obamacare. It was just upheld. So I said in my letter to Pelosi, "By proceeding with your invalid impeachment, you're violating your oath of office. You're breaking your allegiance to the Constitution. You're declaring open war on American democracy. You dare to invoke the founding fathers in pursuit of this election nullification scheme, yet your spiteful actions display unfettered contempt for America's founding, and your egregious conduct." And listen though, it's so true, it threatens to destroy what our founders pledged, and in fact their very lives to build. "You are the ones interfering in America's elections. You are the one subverting America's democracy. We did nothing wrong, nothing whatsoever. This was just an excuse. You are the ones that are obstructing justice. You are the ones bringing pain and suffering to our republic for your own selfish, personal, political and partisan gain." They're bringing pain. The work we could be doing on lowering drug prices, on getting rid of these horrible, horrible situations. You know in the border … the woman is okay? Is she okay? Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. I mean, some of these people are waiting here for three days, right? Thank you. They'll come back. Come back. Merry Christmas! Thank you. Merry Christmas is true. But what they've done with this perversion, it's perversion. And when you watch some of these people get up and speak today, they don't even … "You have violated the Constitution." "Well, what does he done wrong?" "Well, we don't know that." They don't even have any crime. This is the first impeachment where there's no crime. I say, "Tell me what I did, please." "Well, we don't know. You violated the Constitution." You had Turley, who's smart, Alan Dershowitz, these guys. All of them, they said, "There's no crime. There's no crime," right? There's no crime! There's no crime! I'm the first person that ever get impeached, and there's no crime. I feel guilty. You know what they call it? Impeachment light. It's impeachment light. That's why, with Richard Nixon, I just see it as a very dark era, very dark, very … oh, you don't even like to think. I don't know about you, but I'm having a good time, it's crazy. But I also know we have a great group of people behind us in the Republican Party, we really do. Maybe I wouldn't feel the same way, but we have a great group of people behind us. We had in the House, and we have it in the Senate. They're doing a great job, so I'm not worried. I'm not worried, because it's always good when you don't do anything wrong, you get impeached. That may be a record that will last forever. But you know what they have done? They've cheapened the impeachment process. And now anybody that become … this is a sacred position. Anybody that becomes president, I mean, they could have a phone call and they get impeached. So if the Republicans … if you had a Democrat as president, we have a Republican house, they don't like the guy for whatever reason, or the woman, they impeach the person. It's cheapened it. It's exactly what our founding fathers didn't want, and they said it could happen, and it's happened. But I know one thing, Americans will show up by the tens of millions next year to vote Pelosi the hell out of office. But it's so disappointing. I see a woman, Carolyn Maloney. She's a long time, nothing much, believe me. She's a Congresswoman from Manhattan, the east side. I was with her. Her first race, I helped her. She was always so nice, "Oh, thank you, thank you." I made lots of contributions over the years. In New York, if you're not a … it's purely Democrat, especially in Manhattan. So what happens? I make lots of contributions for years, and years, and years. I go run. The first person I see, Carolyn Maloney. I raise my hand to impeach. Well, give me back the damn money that I've been paying her for so many years. Let her pay me back all the money. Let her pay me back all the money. Then you have this Dingell. Dingell, you know Dingell, from Michigan. You know Dingell? You ever hear of her, Michigan? Debbie Dingell, that's a real beauty. So she calls me up like eight months ago. Her husband was here a long time, but I didn't give him the B treatment. I didn't give him the C or the D. I could've. Nobody what is, you know? I gave the A+ treatment. "Take down the flags." "While you're taking them down for ex-Congressman Dingell …" "Oh, okay?" " … do this, do that, do that, rotunda everything." I gave him everything. That's okay. I don't want anything for it. I don't need anything for anything. She calls me up. "It's the nicest thing that's ever happened. Thank you so much. John would be so thrilled. He's looking down. He'd be so thrilled. Thank you so much, sir." I said, "That's okay, don't worry about it." Maybe he's looking up? I don't know. I don't know. Maybe, maybe. But let's assume he's looking down. But I gave him A+, not A, not B+, not B. I gave him the A+, and she called me. She said, "Oh, no." I won't go into the conversation, because it's not fair do that. But all I want to say is, let's put it this way, it was the most profuse thank you that you could ever get on a scale of zero to 10, it was a 10. Okay, so that was what? February or something. Now they talk about this phony impeachment, and she's out there, "Well, we have to look seriously at our president, because he may have violated the Constitution of the United States." Boo! "And I can't be happy with that, because I love our country. I love this, and I love that." She loves everything. I said, "She's a no," okay? No, but I look at her, and she's so sincere, and what happens? "I vote to impeach Trump." And you know what? I didn't say, "Who the hell knew this was even going to come up?" I went through the whole Muller hoax. They did this big report. I was totally exonerated. They didn't even bring it up at the impeachment, because I was totally exonerated. If they saw one little kernel, one little quarter of a sentence … look what they did with one word. Remember this, what did I do? Why did I do? It's us. But they don't say it that way. They say, "I." They read it totally different, schiff and his band of thieves, they read it. Now I say basically, very simple, do us a favor, our country. Do us! Do us! Not me! Our country! And then what do I say? I say, "The United States Attorney General, Attorney General of the United States could speak to you, it would be great," okay? Because it's known for major corruption. In fact, the new leader of Ukraine got in on a construction … on a platform where he looks for all of the problems of dishonesty, and everything that was going on in Ukraine, right? He looked for it, that's how he got into office. He got into office that way. So we take it and they repeat it a thousand times, and they never say with the right … so I go wild, and we start. And the Republicans have got it right. Now we always correct him, but I use the word us. Us is the United States, our country. And then it actually says, I think, "Comma, country," but they don't say that. They say, "Do me a favor." How many times have you heard it? Where they say in a speech? "And then the president said, do me a favor." Well, that's not what I said. I said, "Do us a favor, our country." And then I said, the Attorney General of the United States, I didn't say my campaign- I said the Attorney General of the United States, I didn't say my campaign manager. Okay? I said the attorney … And these people want to impeach the President of the United States for that? Oh, and then what happened? Right? Then what happened? So then, the President of Ukraine, who's a quality person, said there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. That was a killer for the Democrats, right? Then his foreign minister said the same thing. He said there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. There was no pressure. That's a killer. So now did you see what the Democrats did a couple of days ago? They tried to say that he's not a strong person, that he was weak. They used the word weak, that he was weak, and under the power of Trump, he said. Do you know how insulting that is? Anybody that becomes president of a country, and that's a big country and it's a tough country, you got to be tough. He's tough. But so what they're saying now is he was weak because the wording, it just doesn't fit. Okay? These are really dishonest people. And if the press was fair, this thing never would have happened. So the House Democrats are surrendering their majority, their dignity, their reputations. They look like a bunch of fools. And I'll tell you, we have a lot of new stars in the Republican Party, I could read off a list of 20 names. But they're giving up their honor, and they'll receive a big backlash at the box office. When you take a look, that ballot box, that ballot box on November 3rd, I think we're going to have crowds like we've never had. And I'll tell you something, it used to be, they'd always say, "Oh, the Republicans." You know, in 2018, I didn't run. I didn't run, right? They all said, "Oh, we didn't." Well actually, we picked up two seats in the Senate that these guys never talk about. We just approved 171 federal court justices, 171 federal justices, including courts of appeal, 171. We'll be up, probably by the end of the year, to 182, and for that, I thank President Obama. He gave me 142 openings. He gave me 142. I said to him, my people, I got there, because they say the most important thing you could do as a president is judges and Supreme Court. We have two great Supreme Court judges. Right? Two Justices of the Supreme court, Kavanaugh, Gorsuch. Two great men. They're great. And how about the pain that they put Justice Kavanaugh through, right? Over a phony deal, I hate to tell you. Over a phony deal. What a disgrace, what they put that man through and that family through. Just remember it come November. You got to remember, it's a long time. You know, in the life of Trump, 10 months is an eternity. It's a long time. Somebody said, "Congratulations sir, you're going to win." I said, "Don't say that. Just don't talk about it. Let's always pretend you're one point down." Like last time. Going to be close. Nope, it's going to be close. But what they put that man through was horrible, what they put his family through was horrible. And you know, those stories largely have been recanted. And frankly, the ones that didn't recant, I don't know what a Supreme Court judge does, but he should sue them. He should sue them. So we want to take back the House, we'll hold the Senate, and we'll keep the White House. You will have the greatest healthcare. You will continue with the greatest judges. You know, we have judges that are … We just had a great story in the Wall Street Journal. I have to be always very truthful, because if I'm a little bit off, they call me a liar. They'll say, "He gets a Pinocchio," the stupid Washington Post, they have Pinocchio. I mean, even if you're saying things perfectly, it's a Pinocchio. There's nothing you can say where you don't get a Pinocchio. But what happens, what happens is we have Wall Street Journal the other day got the best story. They said, "Whether you like him or not, the job he's done on judges and Supreme Court Justices, but the job he's done on judges is amazing. Say it's the most important thing. See, I don't agree. I say defense is the most, the military is the most. But once you're beyond the military, I mean to me defense is the most important. Because without good defense, maybe we don't need judges so much, right? It's like somebody said, "Well, we violated the budget." I said, "Do me a favor, don't worry about the budget. If we're attacked and aren't doing very well and somebody says, ‘Well, at least we have a good budget,' that doesn't work too well." Right? That doesn't work. So we have great military, we have great judges, we have great everything. Drug prices down. For the first time in 51 years, drug prices came down. And that was with no help from the Democrats. If they helped, because you need their votes, if they helped, I could get those drug prices down 40 and 50%. Okay? And we just approved, and we're approving very soon for the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, where he can buy, he has the right to go, we're giving him the right to go and buy from a foreign country, where the prices for the identical drug, identical drug are 50% less. He's going to do that for the people of Florida. And we're going to do that for your governors if they want to do that. We'll get that down so far. Everyone in America can see straight through the Washington Democrats' phony, dangerous charade. Schiff makes up so many things. Pelosi makes it up, and she backs him up. I saw her on a television show, and George Stephanopoulos, that's another beauty, he said, even he said, he was defending me. I couldn't believe it. He made this statement, "But you know he lied on that. He made up this stuff." "No, he didn't, he didn't." So that means Nancy Pelosi said no, the statement that he made up. But it's all going to end soon, and it's going to come out to a beautiful, great victory for the Republican Party and for this nation. Thank you very much. So that's it. We have the greatest country. We've turned around a ship. We need four more years. If we don't have it … Now, if you want to drive them crazy, we had one group in Pennsylvania, some guy started screaming, " 16 more years." 16. They went crazy. And you know what they don't understand? When I do get out, they're all going to go out of business. They're making more money than they've ever made. That crazy New York Times, one of the worst newspapers in the world, one of the most dishonest newspapers in the history of the world, totally phony. They came out with a story, where it was a great headline for me, and the people that read it, the super radical left, they called and complained so much that they changed the headline and took it from positive to negative on a good story. Can you believe it? No, they're among the most dishonest people. But I'll never forget, before I took that great escalator ride down with our First Lady … Our First Lady is doing a great job, great job. I said, "First Lady, you're so lucky I took you on this journey, this wonderful, beautiful journey." And it is. You know why it's a wonderful, beautiful journey? Because look at, what we're accomplishing is unbelievable. It's unprecedented. It is unprecedented what we're accomplishing. "You're so lucky," I said it to all my people. I have great people in the back. I say, "You folks are so lucky I took you on this. You could be home right now, relaxing." But I'd rather be here, frankly, than any place. These rallies are great. They're inspiring. You are inspiring. And you know, it's funny, we're not even into election season. Yeah, it's a long way away. We're not even in it. And yet, I think the enthusiasm right now is greater than it was even before the 2016 election. Does that make any sense? I think a lot of it has to do with a witch hunt. A lot of it has to do with the phony, witch hunt because you're smart people. You're the elite. They're not the elite. You're the elite. You're the elite. You do better than they do. They talk about it, don't you hate it? "Well, the elite … " Oh really? I went to better schools. Many of you went to better schools. We won't talk about homes, even though your homes are nicer. We won't talk about jobs. You see the jobs reports? You see what's happening? Do you see where wages are going up? You know, when I first started, when I was here, one of my first speeches, I was talking that people made more money, that was four years ago, so it was 20 years before that, so that's 24, 25 years ago. They made more money 24 years ago than they were making when I got elected president. And they worked one job versus two or three jobs. Now it's going up beautifully and we want that, the salaries. And you know, the number one group of people that are going up is the blue collar worker. It's percentage, the best. The blue collar worker. They had two and three jobs. The blue collar worker is going up the most. Anyway, so you know what else? The thing I'm happiest about, African American unemployment, the lowest in the history of our country. African American. Remember I used to say, you remember, look at, you. Are you the greatest guy? Everyone thinks, do I pay? I'm telling you, I have a group of African American guys, and gals by the way, that follow me around and they think I pay them, and I don't. I love them, they love me. They come. How many rallies have you come to? A lot. They're great people, just great. Thank you. I don't even know who the hell he is. Is that right? I don't know him, but I like him. I see him at so many rallies. I appreciate it. You and your group, they're great people. Thank you. So you're obviously doing well if you can travel around like that, right? Ah, he knows. I appreciate it, I really do. I think it's fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. But think of this, African-American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in the history of our country. Their poverty levels, they had a horrible poverty level, in the negative sense, now their poverty levels are the best they've ever been in the history of our country. Same with Hispanic Americans, the best unemployment numbers and employment numbers. And the same with Asians, the best unemployment. And women, I'm sorry, 71 years, best in 71 years. I've let the women down! But I think within another couple of months, you'll be historical. So only 71 years best. The best in 71 years. But what we're doing has been an incredible thing. It's an incredible thing. When I'm on the debate stage with one of these characters, and they try and say negative stuff, I'll just say, "Well, here's the story. In the history of our country, this group is doing the best, and that group is doing the best, and the women are doing the best, and everybody's doing. And frankly, you know what it is? The whole country's doing the best. Okay? The whole country is doing the best." So we have records and everything, and yet they're trying to, and they really are, I've never seen anything like it, they're accusing me, really, of doing what Joe Biden … Biden admitted what he did. How about this? They protect him. Did you see the crummy debate? Those debates are so boring. They're dying in the ratings. They're dying, they're dying. " While it's totally unsupported!" What's unsupported? He's on tape saying that he's holding back $1 billion from Ukraine unless you change the prosecutor. How about that question? I won't say who answered, because you know I'm not, I actually used to like the guy, he was a nice guy to me, but now I don't like him so much, but that's okay. But he goes, "While it's totally unsubstantiated, and while we beg your mercy that we're asking you even to bring up this question, but President Trump said you refused to give $1 billion of taxpayer money to Ukraine unless they get the prosecutor to stop looking at your son and your son's company." And Sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer, and that's the end of it. That's it. Then whenever I bring it up, do you ever notice they always use, " While these charges are totally unsubstantiated"? He's on tape! If that were me, it's the electric chair. They would bring the electric chair back. No, the guy's on tape, and they always say it's unsubstantiated. "It is not supported by fact," one of them the other day, they finally changed the word. "It is supported by fact." No, it's supported by tape. No, it's unbelievable. In many ways, I'd like to have him win because number one, he's going to have to eventually answer that question, and number … She said he doesn't know where he is. That's the other problem. Now, I've been doing this for a long time, and I have much bigger crowds than anybody's ever had in history. By the way, do you know what? I say it against the fake news, because you know what they're going to say. Every stadium is packed. I give my people one instruction, get the largest stadium you can get. Now, that's why I was a little surprised. But in Battle Creek, you don't have that many, right? Not too many stadiums. But I wanted to be here. You know why I wanted to be here? First of all the crowd is incredible. The crowd outside. But let me tell you. No, you know why I wanted to be here? Because we have a lot of choices, but I wanted to be here because this area supported me so overwhelmingly, and I said, "I want to be there." Pretty simple, pretty simple. Pretty simple. I wanted to be here for that reason, and I just want to say thank you, because I'll tell you what, you came in … I don't know, I didn't get 100%, but we got a damn good percentage, right? We got a damn good percentage. So it's really thrilling to be here. But we're joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders. Your Michigan House Speaker, Lee Chatfield. Where's Lee? Lee, come up if you want. Come on, what the hell, we have nothing else to do. Should we get him up? Yes. Come up Lee, come up Lee, get up here. Come on up, Lee. Republican Party Chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel, who I spoke to. And the bottom line on the end of her story, so when I won I said, "Who's going to head up the RNC?" I said, "I got to get that woman from Michigan." Remember they were all saying, "You can't win Michigan"? Now we're going to win it by so much, you better remember all those. Every time a car plant opens, please think about Trump. Come on up here, Lee. Michigan GOP Chairwoman, Laura Cox. Thank you. Hate to tell you, but all your congressmen, you know where they are right now. Your congressmen, all of your Congresspeople, men, wonderful people, they're at a place called Congress right now. They're doing an unbelievable job of supporting your President and supporting you. They had a choice, "Sir, should we leave and be there?" I said, "Don't leave. Stay right where you are." That's why we got that vote. That's some vote, right Lee? The Chairman of the Woman's Workers and Workers for Trump, and a proud union autoworker, Terry Bowman, who's been so terrific. Thank you, Terry. Come on up. And while Democrats are obsessed with impeachment, we're focused on jobs, jobs, jobs. This group, local leaders. And all your Washington folks, they are right where they have to be in Washington tonight. Thank you. Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much. We've eliminated more job-killing regulations than any administration in the history of our country, whether it's four years or eight years, or in one case, much more than eight years. In a period of two and a half years, we have eliminated more regulations than any other president, by far. You're saving almost $3,000 a year because of regulation cuts. Total income gains for median households will reach $10,000 a family. I'll give you a couple of quick numbers. So under President Bush, for eight years, you saved $450, meaning you took in 450 bucks. Okay, fine. Under President Obama, you took in $975. Under President Trump, including the energy savings, and the regulation savings, and the tax cut savings, it's more than $10,000 in less than three years. Pretty good, right? So for two eight-years, you had a 400, 450, and a 975. That's eight years. 450. In less than three years, you had more than $10,000. That goes right into your pockets. It's one of the reasons our economy is doing well, because, as they say, the consumer is doing better than they've ever done. And that's great, that's what we wanted. We've ended the war on American energy, and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas on planet earth. And these maniacs want to close it up. How about going to Texas? You know Beto? What? Remember what he said, I said, "Oh, this guy's a loser. You know a salesman, like if you're a great salesman, you never talk that you're a great salesman. You don't walk in and say, "Well, I'm a great salesman. I can sell … " Any guy that does that, they're no good. It's those quiet type that get you. You know, the ones that don't talk. So Beto, when he first got in, remember this clown? He gets in, no, no, he gets in. "I was made for this job, to run for president." After about two weeks, they killed him. He was gone. But you remember, he was against the Bible, he was against religion, he was against guns, and he was against oil and gas. And he comes from Texas. I said, that's a platform. Think of it. He's against religion, he's against guns, and against oil and gas. Think of it. I don't like to bring it up because he's gone zone, but he comes from Texas. I said, "Abraham Lincoln can't win in Texas with that platform." But they are, all of them, they want to close up your energy. It's a big deal. They want to close up your steel mills. They don't want your steel mills. Look at what I've done for steel. I mean, the steel is back. We taxed all of the dump steel coming in from China and other places, and your steel mills that are doing great, they're expanding all over the country. And they were going to be out of business within two years. The way they were going, they were gone. United States Steel is spending now billions of dollars on expansions. Every major Democrat running for president has pledged to eliminate gas powered automobiles and destroy the U.S. auto industry forever. And you know why? Because they have these maniacs that say you got to go all electric. I want to have an alternative, a big alternative. You're going to always have the alternative. And a lot of people don't know of the electric can ever catch the gas, you know? And by the way, there'll be different forms of energy coming along. But they want to close them up, and we're not closing them up. We're going to have lots of alternatives so that you can have it from a pricing, you can have it for a lot of different reasons. We're even bringing back the old light bulb. You heard about that, right? The old light bulb, which is better. I say, "Why do I always look so orange?" You know why? Because of the new light, they're terrible. You look terrible. They cost you many, many times more, like four or five times more. And you know they're considered hazardous waste. When a light bulb is out, you've got to bring it to a dump. So let's say, over here in Battle Creek, where's your nearest dump? Okay, that's what, a couple of hundred miles away. So every time you lose … drive a couple of hundred miles, right? I said, "How many people do that?" Nobody. What do they do? They throw it in the garbage. But you know what it is, because it's all gas. It's much more expensive, four or five times more. And I came into office, I did a lot of this. Sinks, showers, all of this stuff, I did a lot of it. No water comes out. You have areas where there's so much water, you don't know what to do with it. You turn on the shower, you're not allowed to have any water anymore. I mean, we do a lot of it. Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it. Remember the dishwasher, you'd press it, boom, there'd be like an explosion, five minutes later you open it up, the steam pours out, the dishes. Now you press it 12 times, the women tell me, "Again." You know, they give you four drops of water, and they're in places where there's so much water, they don't know what to do with it. So we just came out with a reg on dishwashers. We're going back to the old. By the way, by the time they press it 10 times, you spend more on water, and electric. Don't forget, the whole thing is worse because you're spending all that money on electric. So we're bringing back standards that are great, and better machinery that you can have the water again, right? But with the light bulb, I said, "What's going on with the light bulbs? A lot of people are complaining about the cost." So I had a couple of experts come in, I said, "Tell me, what gives a better light?" "Well, we liked the old light bulb better." I said, "I like it better." And so what I did is you can have either one. If you want to buy the newer kind, you can. And if you want to look very handsome or beautiful by buying the older kind, like I do. So we're bringing back the old light bulb. So it's a much less expensive, it probably gives a better light. But whatever it is, and you'll be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb. I mean, it sounds like little, but it's big stuff. Okay? It's big stuff, and we're doing it with a lot of other things, our dishwashers. And you know, I won't tell you one of the things, because every time I tell you, they do a big number on it. You know the one I'm talking about, right? Sinks, right? Showers. And what goes with a sink and a shower? 10 times, right? 10 times. Not me, of course, not me, but you, him. But I never mention that, because one time I mentioned all three, I said, "Sinks, showers, and toilets." The headline was, "Trump with the toilets, toilets." That's all they want. They don't even mention it. So I didn't mention that, okay? I go off the record. But you know what? It's terrible. You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out. So you leave the water going 10 times as long, it's the same thing. You have a shower, drip. It's no good for me. For me. You know the one thing that came out really good about being in this business? They always used to say I wore a hairpiece. It's okay. I know people wear hairpieces. But they always used to say. They don't say that anymore because I have been through the worst storms. If you wear one of those suckers, you got to give it up fast because within two weeks they got you. You look handsome, don't worry about it. But in the last two decades before my election, we lost one in five auto manufacturing jobs in this country. The people are trying to impeach us for doing all of the things that they've wanted to do for so many years. And that's why it doesn't work. We look so forward to taking it on, and it is all about cleaning the swamp, draining the swamp, and we have a very, very big, bad, dangerous swamp. Okay, that's enough of that. That's enough. So among the very first acts that I did was to stop the deal that would have dealt a death blow to the U.S. auto industry. I withdrew from the horrible Trans Pacific Partnership. That would have ended your auto industry. A lot of people don't know that, but I do. Remember TPP? We were basically ceding our auto industry to these countries that were just going to rip us off. The people that made these trade deals, it's like, where do they come? Like the one in Korea, that was a Hillary Clinton special. She said, "This will produce 250,000 new jobs." And I said, "Well, what happened?" He said, "Well, she was right." Except it was for South Korea, not for us. No, it's true. It produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea. These deals were so bad. But now they're getting really good, and some of them are getting great, and over a period of time they are going to be phenomenal. Wait till you see the numbers that start coming out of this country over a short period of time. But we have to go through a little pain, because we have to do it, and then they all say, "We're going to withdraw," and then I say, "You can withdraw, I don't care. We're putting tariffs on your country." Then they say, "We'd love to make a deal, sir." The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan where they belong. Since the election, we've created 41,000 brand new motor vehicle and parts jobs, manufacturing jobs. Remember the statement by President Obama? "You'd have to wave a magic wand." Remember the magic wand? Because manufacturing … And I said, "You know, that sounds strange. What do you do if you don't have manufacturing? How do you make things?" Right? Manufacturing jobs won't happen. Well, we've got 600,000 manufacturing jobs, and you're going to see a big, big increase. The truth is, we need more people. You know what? We need more people. We need more people coming into the country, and they're going to come in, and they're going to come in through merit, and they're going to love our country, and they're going to respect our country, and they're going to work. We do need more people. They're opening these massive, Foxconn in Wisconsin, they're opening these massive plants and it's hard to get people. We want people coming in, but they have to come in, only they have to come in through merit. Fiat-Chrysler recently announced a $4.5 billion investment in Michigan, including the first new auto plant in Detroit in more than a generation. And General Motors recently announced a $300 million investment at its Orion Assembly Plant right here in Michigan. Come on, General Motors, let's go. General Motors gave us a little hard time with one building. I wasn't happy about that. That was the only building I had a problem within the whole car industry, right? Right? You know the one I'm talking about. I didn't like that. Anyway, but they're spending money, you know, what can I tell you? But these companies are coming in, a lot of the foreign companies are coming because they have to. I say, "You have to, or we're not trading with you anymore." Because we had such big deficits with these countries. With Japan, we had a $68 billion deficit. I said, Shinzo, he's great Prime Minister of Japan. But he said, "But nobody has ever asked us to do this." I said, "I'm asking you." They are building many, many plants. They're building many plants now in the United States, the Japanese. And after years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Is that okay? We were surrounded with globalists. You know, they think it's okay. You open a plant in some country that you never heard of, they make your product, they send it. In the meantime, they close all their factories here. We're not doing that anymore. Those are globalists. They think it's wonderful to have deficits. I don't. They think it's great. It's a great thing to have deficits. No, those are globalists. The globalists are passe.  our first duty and our one true allegiance is to you, the American people, before anybody else. We must care for our own- We must care for our own citizens first Democrat immigration policies are resulting in brutal assaults and wicked murders against innocent Americans. I don't even know what's happening. It's terrible. And we've moved out thousands and thousands of MS13 thugs out of our country. And we have agreements now with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador. They didn't use to take them back. If we had a murderer, then we should get them the hell out. We don't really want them in our prisons and take care of them for 50, 60 years. We want to bring them back. They wouldn't take them. The planes used to go around and around, don't land, don't land. With us, they land. We worked out deals with every one of them. We stopped giving them all the aid. We're giving them all this money and then they said, "We're not going to let you land. We're not going to let you take them back." I said, "That's okay. 500 million, we were giving them. I said, now we give them $5 we give them nothing. All of a sudden they said, "We would love to have them back." We would love it. It's wonderful to have them back. In June, two illegal aliens in Sandusky, Michigan were convicted of sadistically beating and stabbing a woman to death with a kitchen knife. Then, they hid her body in a water drain. A criminal alien with two previous deportations was just arrested in Michigan and convicted of brutally beating and strangling to death, a single mother of five young children. It's happening all the time. Far left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities, which deliberately release dangerous, violent criminal aliens out of the jails and directly onto your streets. We had a great election in North Carolina recently, two great congressmen got elected, you don't hear about it, when they win, you don't ever hear about it, just a few months ago. Two great people and they got elected and they got elected because I went in and said, "Talk about the fact that you have sanctuary cities" and they had some horrible crimes happening from those sanctuary cities. Soon as I mentioned that, boom, they went up like rocket ships and they won their elections and it was great. Great thing. The sanctuary cities are a disaster and let me tell you, the people of California, they don't like sanctuary cities either. They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians. Earlier this year, authorities in the sanctuary jurisdiction of Kent County, Michigan, anybody know Kent County? Released an illegal alien charged with assault with intent to murder after he repeatedly and viciously stabbed a man in the head with a broken bottle. They let him go to roam free in Michigan communities. If you want to end sanctuary cities in Michigan, if you want to protect your families from criminal aliens, if you want to have a safe life, frankly, it's so crazy what they're doing. You wouldn't even believe it. You have only one choice in 2020, you must vote Republican. Thank you. I'm surprised. As you know, you do have sanctuary cities in Michigan. I was almost surprised to hear it, but you have them. It's one of those progressive things? They think they're doing a wonderful favor for the world. And now we're getting these prosecutors that, you murder somebody, they give you two months, they fight that you don't even have to go to jail. What's going on is crazy. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since may and we've ended catch and release. We've ended it. We could've ended it so easily. It's called the loophole. You catch him and then you release him into a country. That's what you had to do by law. And if you don't do that, they arrest the border patrol people. You believe this? The border patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in and some of these people are not good people. These are the people because look, when you have a caravan of eight or 10,000 people, a lot of those people, do you think that Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, do you think they're sending us their finest? I don't think so. Alright. How about the lottery? That was a Schumer deal. Chuck Schumer, crying Chuck, crying Chuck Schumer. I used to be a big contributor to him, he used to kiss my ass, Chuck Schumer. He'd do anything. He would've done anything for me. Anything I asked him, get Schumer on the phone, "You do this, you do that. You get him on the phone, that son of a bitch." He would have done, I didn't need anything, but he would have done anything. Now it's like, "The prisoner has not acted-". Give me a break. Give me a break. Find out how much money did I give a raise to Chuck Schumer and Chuck, give all that money back please. Carolyn Maloney, give that money back. Every penny should come back. They act so pompous. They act so righteous. They're not righteous. They're not righteous. They're bad people. The far left Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now. Democrats are pushing a socialist takeover of healthcare that will take away your coverage and take away your doctor. 180 million people are going to lose. A lot of people here now have healthcare finally under us that's phenomenal. And that's what you want. They want to take it away, 180. They want you to go to a hospital ward someplace and sit there all night. I don't think so. Not in this group. And you know what? Some people, it's good so people, but can you imagine? They want to take away 180 million people, great, private, highly negotiated healthcare where you have your own doctor. Remember Obama? 28 times, "You can have your doctor, you can have your plan." Didn't work out that way, did it? I think we should impeach him for that. Let's impeach him, for that, for the IRS scandal, for the guns. Remember the guns, he was giving them to anybody that wanted them. He gave guns to the worst people in the world and then they didn't have them registered, right? Not to good. Impeach him. Why didn't the Republicans impeach him? Those were really, how about giving around $1.8 billion in cash? How about that? By the way, I ended the Iran nuclear deal. I hope you happy, much different country. But how about giving Iran $1.8 billion in cash. Many big planes going over to Iran, loaded up to the ceiling with cash. You know what $1.8 billion, you ever see like at a casino, $1 million wrapped up? It's a big pile of stuff, that's a million. Now multiply it, $1.8 billion in cash he gave. So, why is he allow to do that? Did anybody try to impeach him for that? Everybody knew it was wrong. Republicans will strongly protect patients with preexisting conditions and we will protect your preexisting physicians. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth. Right? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. And that's what it is. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream. And that's really what it is. We're also the party of the great Abraham Lincoln. A lot of people forget that, but we have to bring it up. To protect the health and safety of our citizens, we awarded $100 million to improve water infrastructure in Flint. How badly was Flint? Who were the geniuses that did that to you? You have clean water coming into Flint. They had to pay a very tiny little fee. So instead, they go into this horrible, horrible, really polluted water and the water comes out of there. They spend hundreds of millions of dollars to save like a couple of bucks, and the water was so terrible and it hurt the people. It hurt the people. But we're getting it fixed. And I know your previous governor was a Republican, but I was not a big fan of his. I was not, but I'm not a big fan of the one that can't fix the potholes either. We're committed to ensuring America has the cleanest air in the cleanest water on planet earth, and that's what it's about. It's about clean air and it's about clean, beautiful water. And it's about keeping our industry, not closing it because of the ridiculous Paris Climate Accord. How's Paris doing? I don't think too well. How's Paris doing with the yellow vests? The yellow vests? You know why? Because they raise gasoline prices so they could send them money all over the world to countries that the people in France never heard of. It's not working out too well. We're lowering prices. We're lowering taxes. We're making it possible. I mean, look at gas prices now. Look at gas prices. I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And we also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Big deal. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized. Member, "I would like to apologize. I would like to apologize." Nah, we don't apologize. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Michigan. You're getting your auto industry back. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation. If you want your children to grow up, a land of safety, it's really, we want a land of safety, justice. Well, I don't know. When I look at those FBI reports we got out, we got to clean up a lot. What they've done to hurt people, what they've done to hurt with Comey and these horrible people, what they've done to hurt people. I think one of the best things I did as president, a lot of people would say, "With all what we've done for the economy and," but one of the best things is firing James Comey's ass out of there. Boy, those reports are kept. Did you see the other day? "Well, ah, ah." First time now he said, in other words, he's 50% there folks. He's hit the golden pond. Anyway, so what we're doing is, we're doing things that are going to make our victory, it's like a tree. We need that extra four years. We've done so much, even Right to Try. You know Right to Try? People were traveling, they're terminally ill, they're traveling all over the world. We have the best medical in the world, the best doctors, the best labs, best hospital. They're traveling all over the world, to try and get, because it takes years to get something approved. And I said, "Wait a minute folks, why aren't we doing this?" And they've been trying to do it for 49 years. They couldn't get it done. Not that easy. The drug companies didn't want the liability, the country didn't want the liability, the insurance companies didn't want the liability. I said, "Here's what we do. We'll sign an agreement with the people where you're exculpated from all liability." "Huh? That's a good idea." And it's a very strong agreement so we can't get sued. But I said, "Listen, they were worried they're going to hurt people." I said, "These people are terminally ill. They're terminally ill, and so we do it now." Nine months ago, all the legislators at the 49 years, so if somebody's sick, they don't have to go to Asia, they're have to go to Europe. Or if you're poor, you go home and you die. Now what happens? Very simple. You sign that document, they work it out. You wouldn't believe how many lives are being saved. It's incredible. It's incredible. I'm very proud of it, Right to Try. I hope you don't need it. You don't want it. You don't want it. Okay? But if you do, it's there. With your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. We will enact the greatest trade deals ever made. They'll result in more products, proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine. What we're doing is unbelievable. We're so far ahead of everybody. What we've done in the last three years with the FDA and even the speed of what we're doing, it would take 12, 13, 14 years to get things approved. It's down to a much smaller number, but we're finding new cures for childhood cancer and we are ending the AIDS epidemic in America. We've started the process. Who would've thought that? In 10 years, it's a 10 year process, we will have ended the AIDS epidemic in America and it could have been been started before I came to office. It was just wasted time. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. They're incredible, and that includes ICE. You know how tough these people are? These are great patriots. They love our country. Even the sheriffs alone for, some of the people that they're dealing with. These guys walk into the golem's nest and in some cases they just swing it out. They can have it. They love it. These are great. If we didn't have them, and I told you before, they're taking out bad, bad, bad people by the thousands, especially MS13 gang members. Who's going to do that? Who's going to do that? Anybody in the front row? I don't know. What about you? You're a tough guy. You might do it. You could do it. I don't know. You might, yeah, you can. What you like? We're going to recruit you. I think you could handle yourself. Now, these are tough people, right? You got to be tough. Then they get accused, they're too tough. Oh, they're too tough. You have some of these guys. They knife people. They don't even need a gun because it's more painful. They knife the two young girls, 16 years old. Beautiful. They cut them up into pieces because it was more painful than shooting them. These are animals. And then Nancy Pelosi said, I shouldn't use the term animal. And by the way, she ought to go home and take care of her district where the homeless is all over the place and the tents and the filth and the garbage is a eroding right into the Pacific ocean and into their beaches. She ought to go and take care of her district in San. Do you see what's going on? And it rains and it's filth and it's needles and it's drugs and it's, you know what. It's everything and it goes right into those storm sewers. Storm, not sanitary, storm and it goes right out into the Pacific ocean into the beaches and we fine Los Angeles and San Francisco, but we've just sent them a tremendous dollar fine for what they're doing. And Nancy Pelosi is playing games. She ought to go home and take care of the homeless and take care of the filth and everything. San Francisco was the most beautiful city. When you look at what's happened with the tents all over the place, where the police officers are getting sick just from walking the beat, they're getting sick. Diseases are coming back that this world hasn't seen for 30, 40, 50 years. It's a disgrace. She ought to get back and take care of her district instead of wasting time on this nonsense. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto and it's always going to be up there. They want to take everything down. They don't want Thomas Jefferson anymore. They don't want anything. That's a terrible thing and we fight for it, now. We fight. These words will never be taken off. I don't care where I am. If I'm up there, if I'm down here, I don't know, but we'll be fighting. We'll never take these words off, in God we trust. We stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan Patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg transformed the nation. It gave us Motown, the Mustang and the might of the American Midwest. This is the American mid west. And Michigan is the state where generations of strong, tough and proud American workers made this into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world. And we are making it bigger, better and stronger than ever before, by far. Loyal citizens like you help build this country. And together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you. The American people, the Democrats took the people of Michigan for granted, but with us, you will never be forgotten again. The forgotten men and women of this country will never, ever be forgotten again. And I'm fighting for you. And I love doing it with everything that I have. And I will never, ever stop. And you know that. I will say I could have a much easier life. Some people say, "Why is he doing it?" You know why I'm doing it because we're doing the thing and look what we're doing is we're bringing back our country again. We're respected again, we're respected again. We are so respected, you don't even know how respected. I went to NATO where we were being ripped off because the other countries, you have 29 countries, and the other countries weren't paying their bills. They were delinquent in real estate. I noticed people are using that word. I've been using it for the last year. It's like a real estate trend. That's when they don't pay their rent, right? Well, they weren't paying and you have to see this chart, until I got there. They got to pay and they said, "Well, does that mean you won't protect us?" I said, "You don't want the answer to that question." Over the last, and the Secretary General Stoltenberg, over the last period of just two years, I raised, not from us, nothing from us, $130 billion, but that's nothing and over a short period of time they will be paying $530 billion more. All of those countries. My biggest fan in the world is Secretary General Stoltenberg of NATO. He says, "I never thought this could." I'm telling you, if you look, it's like 15 years just down. President Obama would go there, make a speech, "I'd like to thank everybody for being here. Thanks. Look, great job. Sayonara. Goodbye." Bush, they all did. Nobody ever asked for money. We were spending for 100% of NATO. We're protecting Europe. They rip us off on trade, right? They rip us off like crazy. We lose hundreds of billions of dollars on trade. We're changing that, but it's a long time. It's been going on a long time. They don't take your product. They don't take your cars. They don't take your farm product. They don't take your medical machines. We do a big business. They sell us. We don't sell them because they put restrictions. We have better equipment than them, but they make it so that our equipment doesn't qualify. It's called artificial barriers or non-monetary barriers. It's brutal what they do. I'm telling you, they're as bad as China, just smaller. They are as bad as China, just smaller and now China's doing great. We're very happy, but we have to do something with that. We have to take care of our people. We can't be ripped off by these countries, so NATO is ripping us off militarily, but now they're starting to pay big money and that's good. We want to help them. We want to be there with them, but they have to pay. They have to pay. $530 billion and the fake news doesn't even want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. They talk about other things. They don't want to talk about that. When you'd get a chance though, just a couple of weeks, maybe you could say over a short period of time, NATO countries will be paying $530 billion more. More, not total. More. How's that? Good. That's not too bad. Nobody else could do that, I guarantee. I won't tell you what took place in those closed door meetings. Some of them don't like me. They like Obama. Germany likes Obama. A lot of these countries, France, they like Obama. It's embarrassing. In France, President Obama is more popular than President Trump. Well, I should be. I just taxed their wine and champagne coming into our country because they're ripping us off on the internet. Okay. If I ever become more popular, that means I'm not doing my job. You should say he's out. It's true. I could be loved in Germany. I could be loved in Germany. Oh, they'd love me. My father came from Germany, parents and I could be loved in Germany. They'd like me so much, but then I'm not doing my job for you. Have to do it. Have to do it. With your help, your devotion, your drive, we're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting. We are going to keep on winning, winning, winning because we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation, under God. America is thriving like never before. And ladies and gentlemen of Michigan, the best is yet to come. Great state. Great state. You better remember all those jobs in a year from now, I tell you. I'll say, "That state let me down." I don't think that's going to happen. I'm hearing very good thing. You know the interesting thing, before it was like a promise. I said I'm going to bring car back. I'm going to bring this. I'm going to be pres, it was all like, it's good. You believed me, I was successful, all this, but now we've done it. We have done more than I promised, no politics. I promised, we've done more than we promised. No politician I think, has ever done that. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, Michigan. Thank you.
Well thank you very much. And I'm thrilled to be back in Wisconsin where we had a very big night a few years ago. You remember that very big night? Remember that? They said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin." And since then we've produced everything we said and more and more. Before it was talk. I said, "I'm going to do this. We're going to take care of your trade." What we've done with China now, on Wednesday we signed, that's tomorrow. What we've done with the US MCA, what we've done with Japan, $40 billion trade deal that a lot of it has to do with the farmers. South Korea. Oh, you got to love Trump, you got to love Trump. And you're great Green Bay Packers are playing San Francisco this weekend. Good luck. So do we have any Green Bay packer fans here tonight? That's right. And you have a great quarterback who's a good guy, a good guy. As we begin the year, our economy is booming, wages are rising, poverty is plummeting. Crime is falling and America is the envy of the entire world. And then our opponents say, "We're not going to win. Let's impeach President Trump. Let's impeach him." We've got the greatest economy in our history. Our military has been totally rebuilt. "Let's impeach him." But we've created 7 million jobs since the election, including more than 1 million manufacturing and construction jobs. Nobody thought that was possible. And we will soon be replacing the NAFTA catastrophe, one of the worst trade deals in the history of the world, frankly with the incredible US MCA, Canada, Mexico, a giant victory for Wisconsin workers, farmers and dairy producers, a tremendous victory. And we may get that all taken care of this week or next week. It just needs one more vote and we'll get that out of the Republican Senate. The Republican Senate will be great. Tomorrow we'll also be signing our phase one trade deal with China, massively boosting exports of products made and produced right here in the great state of Wisconsin. So after years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt the United States Military to a point that it has never been before and it's now more advanced, more lethal, and more powerful than ever. And last year, our great American warriors, because that's what they are. And they love it. I got to tell you, they love it, right? They love doing that. They wouldn't trade places with me under any circumstances. They wouldn't trade places with all of our great Wisconsin politicians. They want to be a military warrior and we don't want them for that. We want them doing what they're doing. But our great warriors carried out a daring nighttime raid and terminated the founder and leader of ISIS. The animal known as al-Baghdadi is dead and the wicked caliphate is 100% destroyed. And I will tell you when we took over a little less than three years ago, ISIS was all over the place. Now the caliphate is 100% destroyed. Do you remember when I wanted to leave when it was at 98%? I said, let some of the other countries finish it off. We're going home, right? They all said, "Oh, no sir, please finish it." So we finished it off to 100%. A few days ago. We took bold and decisive action to defend American lives and deliver American justice. At my direction, the United States military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist. Do you know who that is? Qasem Soleimani, number one terrorist in the world. Soleimani was responsible for murdering and wounding thousands of Americans and was actively planning new attacks, but we stopped them cold. And frankly, they already started the attack, as you saw in Baghdad, on our very large embassy in Baghdad. That was already started. And I said to our generals, "Get there now. We don't want to have another Benghazi. Not on my watch, or on any watch." They said, "Sir, we'll be there tomorrow." I said, "Nope, you got to be there right now. Get them over there now." There are thousands of soldiers. They were soldiers. You take a look at that crowd. That was not protesters. They were soldiers, and they were surrounding our embassy in Baghdad. And all of a sudden they see these beautiful, very expensive, I will tell you, brand new Apache helicopters roaming over the top. And then they see our great military. You saw them in the plane, right? Some of them were getting out of their pajamas. They were. I said, "Don't worry about it." I said, "We won't put that on." But they were sitting there and they were calling a roll call in the plane. Right? And it was a beautiful sight. And these guys were better than Tom Cruise at his best.  Protestors Disturb the Rally. One protester, a very weak voice. If you people wouldn't go crazy every time you see something, he'd go right through and nobody would even know she was there. Now she's going home to mom where she will be in big trouble. Because I guarantee you that mom voted for Trump. And in 10 years from now, when I run yet again, she'll be voting for Trump too. I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. We drive them crazy. We drive them crazy. They say, "You know he's not leaving, don't you? He's never leaving." They say, "He's going to win. He's never going to leave." These people, it's called Trump Derangement Syndrome. It really is. You know what they don't know is that if for any reason, after five years we do leave, which we will, because I believe in that stuff. Right? But you know what's going to happen to their industry. They're all going to die and fold up. Going to be very boring out there, very boring. That's why I say at some point, every single one of them will be endorsing Donald Trump. But crazy Bernie Sanders and the Washington Democrats, by the way, Bernie is surging. Bernie is surging. Bernie. But the Democrats are outraged that we kill this terrorist monster even though this monster was behind hundreds and hundreds of death. That's two. Hey, speaking of protesters, have you seen what's happened in Iran? The protesters are on our side. First time ever. They're on our side. In fact, they put this big American flag on the street. And the Iranians, thousands and thousands of Iranians were supposed to walk on it and trample it and step and beat the hell out of it. Every one of them went around that flag. They like Trump. They like you. I'm just your representative, but they like us. They like us. They haven't seen anything like that in a long time. They went around, did you see it? They went around the flag. They didn't want to touch it. They love America. They love our country. That's called progress. That's called progress. But the Democrats are doing everything possible to disparage what we did with the hit on this monster. Many of the young men and women you see walking around without arms, without legs and without … were done by Soleimani. That's what he loved. He loved the roadside bomb. That's what he loved. Thousands and thousands and thousands in Iraq, in Afghanistan, roadside bombs. He was the king of the roadside bombs. Great percentages of people don't have legs right now and arms because of this son of a bitch. Now the Democrats should be outraged by Soleimani's evil crimes, not that decision to end his wretched life. They're saying, "Well, he was a general. He was this. He was that." You know what? Number one, he wasn't supposed to be there. He was a designated terrorist by president Obama who didn't do anything about it as usual. As usual, they don't do anything. They designate and they don't do anything about. He should've been killed 20 years ago. Now, here's the story with the Democrats. If I didn't kill him, and let's say we lost three, four, five embassies or bases or thousands of people or hundreds of people or two people were killed, they would have said, "Trump should have taken him out." Anything we do, they go the opposite. So we kill him. And that was precision. Some people thought it went much too fast. Went too fast. So we kill him and they say, "What a horrible …" If we didn't kill him, they'd say, "What a horrible thing." Right? And by the way, they think they caught me. They never catch us. Because Mexico's paying for the wall. You know that. You'll see that. It's all worked out. Mexico's paying. It's driving them crazy. Now they say, "Okay, he's building the wall. But Mexico didn't pay." Mexico will pay. And here's the thing. You'll see that it'll come out. We'll do it sometime during the debate or maybe before. Our debate, the real debate that people are going to watch, because nobody's watching. haven't been doing great on the debates. I have to tell you. But we are building this wall. We're over 100 miles right now. We're going to be expanding the length. You have a lot of natural where you have 1,978 miles. You need 500 miles, but 700 would be good, 750 or so would be great. We're going to now get it up. We have all the financing. You think it's easy getting financing when people put … I can get anything from them. I can get whatever I want in terms of money except for a wall. And I made one big mistake. I should have said to them, "We will not build the wall. We don't want the wall." They would have insisted that we build it. We would have had all the money we wanted. I made a mistake. I made a big mistake. Now we're building the wall. It's going up and it's going up rapidly and very soon we'll be building about a mile a day. And we should be up to over 400 miles by next year, the end of next year, and shortly thereafter it'll be finished. And it's already having a tremendous impact on people not being able to come into our country. Bernie and the radical left cannot protect your family and they cannot protect our country, nor do they want to, I think. According to Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, who has somewhat less Indian blood in her than I do, and I have none. Remember? Oh, we hit her hard. But I hit her too early, but now it doesn't matter. She's not going anywhere. But Bernie said, according to her, Bernie said, and I don't believe that he said this, because I don't know him. I don't particularly like him. He's a nasty guy. But I don't believe he said it. It's not his field. You have to know what people say. She said, right, that Bernie stated strongly that a woman can't win for president. A woman can win for president. Fortunately that could happen. Who knows? But she said that Bernie said, "A woman can't win." I don't believe that Bernie said that. I really don't know. Just it's not the kind of a thing he'd say. If you want to keep America safe, just vote Republican. We're doing so well. We're doing so well. Now this was … leave him alone. That's all right. Let security just take care of her. Okay, you all right? Get him out here. Good. Good job security. Good job. Do we love law enforcement? And is there ever, ever a better place to be than a Trump rally on some night during some week? The truth, is we have a great time. But you know what? More importantly we get things done. We're getting everything done. But even president Obama's own former National Security Advisor, a highly respected general named Jim Jones, praised our action to take out Soleimani and said it was absolutely correct and it was the absolute right thing to do. I'm sure they like him very much. He sounds like our kind of a guy. So Jim, if they've given you a hard time, come on over to the Republican party. No, he's a respected guy. He said we did the right thing. Everyone knows. They're saying, "Was the attack eminent? Was it eminent?" Does the fact that he's killed hundreds of thousands of people and thousands of Americans and horribly killed and wounded thousands and thousands? That doesn't matter. Was the attack eminent? I think they're going to start a new investigation. Was the attack or this horror … and by the way, he was in a country he wasn't allowed to be in. We don't mention that because he was designated and he wasn't allowed to be there. And he was there with the head of Hezbollah, and they were talking about, like Hillary Clinton. They were talking about weddings and working out. Soleimani and the head of Hezbollah, they were talking about weddings, working out. Or Bill Clinton in the back of the airplane with the Attorney General, where they may have made her an offer that you're going to go to the Supreme Court. Or they may have said, "You're going to to stay Attorney General, but help. Help." They may have said that. Do you think they would have said that? No. Nothing like that. But do you remember? They talked about golf and grandchildren, right? 45 minutes. I like golf. 45 minutes. I like golf and I love my grandchildren. I don't think I can talk to somebody about them for 45 minutes that I don't even know. 45. I have a beautiful grandchild. He's really beautiful. He's so great. Okay. What else am I going to say, right? Then I took a… Let's talk one or two. How's Tiger doing? How's this one? How's that one? That's another five minutes, right? What am I going to do with the other 35 minutes? Maybe I'm going to talk about Supreme court appointments, et cetera. Got zero. He got zero out of it. He got zero. I'd love to have that money back. It's a lot of money. But I've warned the Ayatollah and the government of Iran that they must not harm, hurt, or kill any protesters. The whole world is watching. It's watching. They've killed thousands of protests. We support the Iranian people and their courageous struggle for freedom. It's incredible what's going on over there. It really is. But we're watching it. We're watching very closely. And we were ready. That night when the attack was made on us, attack was made on us. Remember this, they killed an American, they killed other people just before that. And so we did what we did, right? And they said, it's our turn now. I said, you better be careful when you say it's our turn. Because we had designated targets that you wouldn't know… It would have taken him 30 years to rebuild if that was even possible. It's true, it's true. And we saw those missiles launched, and they were big and they were fast, and they were accurate. Four of them went bad. They fell way short. But 12 of them hit. And I said, man, they are quick. They knew immediately what they were, and they saw those missiles hit. I said, how bad is it? It hit a base. And an hour later or so, we get a call back. I said, how many killed? Nobody, sir. I said, how many hurt? They said, nobody, sir. And I said, they just saved themselves a trillion dollars and a lot of lives. That's true. A trillion, not a billion. A trillion. So they did a very smart thing and we're not looking for regime change. They've tried that with Libya. They go, Hillary Clinton, let's get rid of Libya. Let's get rid of Gaddafi. Let's get rid of Gaddafi. How's that working out? Right? Let's get rid of Gaddafi. That was a Hillary deal. Then you had Benghazi. And see Benghazi, they didn't respond. They didn't respond. Should be. Should be to Iraq. Iraq didn't knock down the World Trade Center just in case anybody had any question. And this guy did kill. He was not a sweetheart. He was a bad guy in every way. But he did kill terrorists, right? And it became Harvard University for terrorists, right? But they did go after him, but he didn't knock down out. You know what I did with the soldiers? They don't tell you the truth, sorry, because there are a bunch of corrupt people back there. I told Turkey, you got to defend your own border. We're not going to defend your border. And we get along with Turkey. We get along, but they've been there for… And by the way, I call it a safe zone. That is the most dangerous safe zone in the world. Okay? I'm looking at the audience, there's about three of you that want to be in that zone, okay? And you're very tough people. But this is the most dangerous… I call it, I call it the safe zone. Some day it may be a safe zone, but I took our soldiers out, because we had an army here and we had a vast number of people here, and they were going to fight. I said, if they're going to fight like they have been for hundreds and hundreds of years, for centuries, let them fight. But we're getting the hell out of there, okay? But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story. But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story. Because what I did is I took our soldiers, and you know what I did? I moved them to the oil area, and we now control the oil. So they said Trump stayed in Syria. Trump said, so people said to me, why you staying in Syria? Okay? A long time ago. You have no idea the things and the decisions I've seen. So they say Trump's in Syria, I didn't pull out. I did pull out. We have the oil really secure. We'll see what happens with it, but we can help our friends, the Kurds, because that's where they got their wealth. And then ultimately it was with ISIS. But right now it's with the United States military. And we also got rid of remnants of ISIS. While we're creating jobs and killing terrorists, democrats in Congress are wasting America's time with demented hoaxes and crazy witch hunts that had been going on by the way, from the day I came down the escalator with our future first lady. Somebody said to me recently, President, President, it was a friend of mine, used to always call me Donald. Hey Donald, how are you doing? Let's go have dinner. Okay, okay, good. Now he calls me President. I told you this before. Calls me pres… They always call me President. President, President, tell me what's happening, what's going on, how's it all going? You're doing such a great job. I said, do me a favor. Call me Donald. I can't. Now when they say, you know what that means, right? That means respect for the office of president. And you know what? We're going to keep that way. We're going to keep it that way. We're going to keep it there. But that's why this November we're going back and we're going to win the House. The Republicans are going to win the House. Because I don't know if you know it. The impeachment hoax, it's a total hoax. This is based… Just think of this. This is based on a perfect phone call. Did anybody read the transcript? It's a perfect call. In fact, if you go back and look at Lyndon Johnson, all of them. Lyndon Johnson was sort of a tough guy. Can you imagine his phone calls? He's probably looking down or looking up, and he's probably saying, these people have gone crazy. That's the nicest call I've ever tracked. Somebody said, I never knew you could be so nice on a telephone call. But this is all based on a simple phone call that was totally appropriate where the president of Ukraine said there was no pressure on us. Didn't even know what they were talking about. The foreign minister said they want to impeach. Impeach the president of the United States over a perfect phone call. It's the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on our country. Ever. I don't know if you've seen. Independent voters and voters I think of all of the voters, including Democrats moving over, we just got a 195 to nothing, the Republicans in the house, which was a fix. Nancy Pelosi says it must be nonpartisan. And she said, it has to be clear cut. Well, number one, never happened. No problem. Number two, look at the vote. Three Democrats voted with us. So I guess you could say it was a nonpartisan vote because they voted with us, okay? But we're going back and we're going to hold the Senate. And we're going to keep the White House, but we're going to win back the House. We're going to win back the House. And I'm thrilled tonight. A man who has become a great friend of mine, he's a warrior. Senator Ron Johnson is here. Come up here. What a good guy. Congressman Bryan Steil. Jim Sensenbrenner. Glenn Grothman. Glenn, come up. Come up. Mike Gallagher. Wisconsin house speaker Robin Voss. Wisconsin state Senate president Roger Roth. State Senate president. Come on fellas. Wisconsin state Senate majority leader Scott Fitzgerald. A friend of mine, a world champion. Would you believe it? Is Sean here? Where's Sean? Where's Sean? Get up here. I love champions. He would climb that sucker. He was the best in the world right here from Wisconsin, right? Congressman Sean Duffy. We miss him. But he signed with CNN. They paid him a lot of money, and they don't put them on. Why? Because I'm pro-Trump. You think that's fair, right? He's pro-Trump. So what they've done is paid him money to silence him because he has a very important voice. Great job. Yeah, I like that kind of a job. I think he's okay with it. He gets his check, they refuse to put him on. He says good things about Trump. We don't want you on. That's CNN. That's how fake right there. Turn the camera on. And a good friend of all of ours, a Kenosha native, Reince Priebus. Reince, come up. Thank you, man. Thank you Reince. This is a great group of Republican people, but more importantly, it's a great group of winners. They have been so great, so they worked so hard and I just want to thank you all for being here tonight. Thank you. Thank you Ron. A great guy. Thanks to strong Republican leadership like Ron, like all of them that you just saw, America is winning again. America is respected again. And America is thriving again like never before. We're doing great. We're the envy of the world. And under my administration, we now have the lowest average unemployment rate of any administration in the history of our country. And in your great state, Wisconsin… You ever noticed with Biden, he's always calling the wrong state? And in your great state of Iowa, Iowa. It's Iowa, right? No, it's Wisconsin. Oh, I meant Wisconsin. Oh, I didn't know I was in Wisconsin. That's fine. How many times has he done that, by the way? Lots of times, he said. It's great to be in the state of Ohio. No sir, you're in Florida. Many times. The sad part about that… Sleepy Joe is right. You know the sad part about that? When you do that, you can't really recover. You can be Winston Churchill, make the finest remainder of remarks, but you get killed. And he does it every time. And the fake news, they give him a total pass and that's okay. It's all right. It's going to happen to all of us someday. Does anybody get that? Yeah. In Wisconsin, the unemployment rate has reached its lowest level in history. How's that for a sound bite? How do you beat that sound bite, right? So now the people of Wisconsin are going to say, well let's see the state set a record, most successful it's ever been. And by the way, that's because we got a lot of help from a guy named Scott Walker. Your governor. Ron Johnson, all those guys. Because this didn't happen so quickly. But think. So how do you beat that? You have the most successful, lowest unemployment rate you've ever had. And then they say, somebody's going to come and say, well we'll do a better job. Really, you're going to do a better job? The lowest in history by far, your number one economic numbers by far. Oh, let's put somebody else in as president. I don't think so. Right? But here's one that I loved the most. African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded in the history of our country. And here's another one. African American youth, the way it was was so high was so horrible. Youth unemployment has reached an all time low in recorded history. African-American poverty has reached the lowest rate ever recorded also. The only question are you at 70, 80, 90, 97%? He goes higher. What are you at? What's yours? 100%. Not bad. I know who he's voting for. But think of this, because this is what it's about. Is that these companies, these big public companies, they're owned by the people, they're owned by everybody. Rich people, and they're owned by everybody. We have set 141 records on the stock market, highest levels ever in recorded history. 141 records. That means, in less than three years, for 141 days, we set a record. Think of it, we've said 141 records. Who the hell can do that? And if our opponents had won the election, instead of going up, we're very close to 30,000 on the Dow. Nobody thought that was possible. And clearly the fakers back there, nobody thought that was possible. Instead of being up, you would have… I believe, I really believe, because regulation, so important, tax cuts, so important to get it all going. I believe instead of being up massively, whatever the number is, but depending on who you are, changes, but it's all way over 60, 70, 80, you guys know. You would have been down 50, 60, 70. You would have been down at a level, you would probably be extremely depressed, right now. You wouldn't have bought all those brand new keep America great hats. Don't worry, we're never getting rid of MAGA, don't worry. We don't have the courage to get rid of MAGA. The greatest campaign in history. We're never leaving. But you wouldn't have bought those hats. You know why? You wouldn't have the money to buy him. Okay? Now you can buy them, it doesn't mean a damn thing. So let's do it real fast. The poll, right? Make America great again, or keep America great, right? I don't have to go through the whole deal. We're going to do it quick. We're going to do it quickly. Ready? Who likes make America great again? Whoa. They're very loyal people in Wisconsin. Who likes keep America great? All right. So it surprises me every single time. But make America great again, MAGA, has never won one of these polls. You know why? We've rebuilt our military, we've cut taxes, we've cut regulation, our stock market hit records. It's called keep America great. I mean, we've done so much. And I just got a free… See these Democrats, they go out and spend $1 million on a poll. What I do is I take my own poll. And they'll interview 203 people. 203 people say they'll get it wrong. Because I'm always surprised. Make America great again I think is the greatest phrase ever used in politics, right? But under the Trump economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the biggest, fastest, and largest games. You know that right? This is a blue collar boom. They don't like telling you that. Under my administration, the growth in net worth for the bottom half of wage earners has increased 15 times more than under the three previous administrations. That's pretty amazing. Because they keep saying, oh, the rich are getting richer. Well, the poor are doing the best they've ever done. Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10% proportionately. Under eight years of the Barack Hussein Obama administration. Which administration loves spying on people's campaigns? By the way, by the way, could you imagine if it were the other way around and I spied on his campaign? What would these fake news people be doing? More than 300,000 people under Obama, 300,000 people left the workforce. Under just three years of by administration, 3.5 million people have joined the workforce and nobody believed that was possible. 370 companies have signed our pledge to America's workers providing more than 14 million Americans with new training and job opportunities. We're training them. We're getting them, Walmart, so many great companies, they're training people, because they can train a much better than government. 14 million, you know who has worked so hard on that? Everybody, you've heard of Ivanka, right? Ivanka. She had such a passion for it. She's very smart. I said, would you like this? You have no debt. I want to get people working. I want to get them and help families. So I said, all right, good. Look, she's smart. Go do whatever the hell you want to do, it's okay, darling. So she had a goal of a half a million people. She was going to get trained, get into companies. So she'd call Walmart, she'd call Exxon, she'd call all these great companies. And all of a sudden she hit 8 million. Then she hit 9 million. Don't forget, she wanted to do 500,000, but this is her. Then she had 10 million. She just hit 14 million people have been trained by these great companies. 14 million. Ivanka. 14 million, would you believe that's possible? But that's why we have the best unemployment rates, we have the best employment rates. By the way, very close to 160 million people are now working in the United States. Nobody's ever even come close to that number. We've lifted 10 million people off federal welfare programs. Real median income is now at the highest level ever recorded in the history of our country. Think of that. Real median income. Under eight years, so we're here three years right, but really less because when it was done, the stats, it was two and a half. But we have less than three. Under eight years of the Bush administration, household incomes grew $400. Eight years, $400. Under eight years of president Obama, household incomes grew $975,000. That's okay, 975. Eight years, right? Under three years of the Trump administration, household incomes have risen $10,000. Ten thousand. That's why we're doing well. The consumer. $3,100 of which for regulatory cuts, $2,000 for the tax cuts, it's actually higher than that, $2,500 for energy savings, and $5,000 in real wage gains. $10,000. The child tax credit alone, which every Democrat in Congress opposed, is delivering $2,200 a year to the average American family. Who's in favor of that cut. Who's in favor of having that? You? People don't know. They think the Democrats gave it. The Democrats give nothing. They're too busy. They're too busy doing other things. They don't do anything. They're too busy doing other things. We ended the war on American energy. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. Number one in the world by far. Saudi Arabia, Russia, but we're number one by far. And if I get a couple of additional pipelines approved, which I will very quickly, instead of waiting 20 years to get them approved, it'll increase this by another 22% that will get them done quickly. And they'll be environmentally friendly and all of that. I believe in that. We have eliminated a record number of job-destroying regulations. I brought back the old light bulb. Better light for much less money, if you want it, right? Little things. Somebody said, oh sir, don't mention the light bulb. It's hard to make an elegant speech. I'm saying I brought back the light bulb. So the new light bulb costs you five times as much, and it makes you look orange. And I was more interested in the orange than I was in the cost. But you know what, if you want, you have it. And the new bulb, I don't know if you see it, it's on there. It's a hazardous waste. When that bulb ends, you're supposed to take it to a certain dump and gingerly put it in because it's loaded up with gasses. That's the new… I said to somebody today in Environmental Protection, how many people do that in the country? Sir, maybe none. They throw it into the garbage can. And it's… Wait. And it was just announced from South Korea, makes a lot of our products, unfortunately, I put a tariff on washing machines and refrigerators, right? They just announced that they're building major refrigerator and washing machine plants in the United States. You know why? You know why? Because they don't want to pay the 25% tariff. So they're building them here. That way they don't have to pay the tariff. And just one final thing. I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it. It's so inelegant to- I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it. It's so inelegant to talk about it, right? Right? Isn't it inelegant? I'm talking about dishwashers. Wait till you hear the next one. I'm talking about refrigerators. Probably wanting to say to the union, I'll leave it out because I want to get praise for making a … You cannot make a brilliant speech where they say, "That was such an incredible, elegant speech," if I'm talking about dishwashers, sinks, toilets, light bulbs. But sinks, toilets and showers, you don't get any water. They put restrictors on and now they made them permanent. People used to take them out. They put restrictors on. Try going and buying a new faucet. You turn it on, no water comes out, right? We won't talk about toilets, but you know that's … 10, 15, but we don't talk about that. Because I've said this three or four times, the only subject they ever talk about is toilets, so I don't mention … but how about the shower? You go into a shower, and I have this beautiful head of hair, I need a lot of water. I need water. You go into the shower, right? You turn on the water, drip, drip, drip. I called the guy, "Something wrong with this?" "No, sir. It's just the restrictor." So you're in there five times longer than you're supposed to be. You use probably more water and it's a very unpleasant experience, right? So we're getting rid of the restrictors. You're going to have full shower flow. Full sink. Did you ever go to the faucet? You turn on the faucet to wash your hands and it turns on so easy. It's like this, because there's zero pressure behind it. No water. You go like that, the thing flips on. Whoa. And then, dung, dung. These people are crazy. And then in California, this governor, who has no clue by the way, he has no clue. Governor Gavin Newsom. He sends all the water out to the Pacific and then he just comes up … I don't know if you saw this. They come up with rules and regulations. Starting soon, if you're a person lives in California, you only get 50 gallons of water. Now, it sounds like a lot of water, but it's not. If you take a shower, wash your hands a couple of times a day … It's not. Then it goes down to 47, 46, 45. Can you imagine? You pay the highest taxes outside of New York, where they're not doing a good job in New York. They're not doing good. Everyone's leaving New York for other environs like Florida. It's not good. Because the taxes are too high. Governor Cuomo's got to get those taxes down, got to get them down, and other things have to happen. But here's Gavin Newsom. So, Gavin Newsom, you have the water pouring down from up north, millions and millions of gallons. You know what they do with it? They divert it into the Pacific Ocean, because they have … We must be in Wisconsin. No. Millions of gallons coming down from the north. They have this massive valve. You're talking about a valve, this is a serious valve, and they turn it and it … Because they have a tiny, tiny little fish that's doing very poorly with or without the water. So in the meantime, if you own a home on Beverly Hills, they scream at you if you want to water your grass a little bit, right? But you have no water coming in. They divert millions and millions of gallons. And what we've just done for the people of California is we've made it possible on a federal basis that they don't have to divert all that water anymore. Now that's only good for California, but these are the things we do. And now the last one is we're working on cars. We're making them less expensive and safer. We're giving them a tiny little bit more fuel and you're going to save on average $3,500. You're going to have a heavier car, a little bit, meaning you'll have steel instead of paper mache walls. And we're getting a lot of good response. And environmentally, it's better, because now people … the number is 12. From 12 years ago, with the old gas guzzlers, they'll all be trading in their cars to get the new cars, which they don't do right now. So it's really going to be something, and we're in a little fight with California over that. But I think ultimately we win that one. You'll buy a better car, a safer car, for less money. Not a bad combination. Not a bad thing. To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most, we've created opportunity zones. Jobs and investment are now pouring into 120 newly designated opportunity zones right here in Wisconsin. And Ron Johnson helped and Tim Scott of South Carolina helped, right? They're doing great. They are doing good. And for decades politicians ran for office promising to defend Wisconsin workers, but then they went to Washington and lined their pockets with special interest cash as they shipped your jobs and your dreams to countries thousands of miles away. Countries that you've never even heard of. Globalist politicians lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to rob your factories, steal your farms. By the way, no estate tax on those beautiful farms. We got rid of that. So now, if you love your children and you have a farm or a small business or small ranch, or even a large ranch, you have no estate tax. You can give it to the kids. If you don't love your children … Anybody in here does not love their children? There are some. Come on, raise your hand. There are some. You know, they're brats. They're little brats. They're horrible human beings. So if you're one of them, this doesn't help you, because you'll save some tax. The fact is, no estate tax on these small businesses and farms. That's a tremendous thing, because you are dying, you are leaving the business to your kids. They all said, "Thank you very much, Daddy and Mommy," and then they went out and mortgaged the hell out of the place and they ended up losing it to the banks. But we got rid of the estate tax on small farms and businesses and really great things. Little stuff like that we've done that we never said we were going to do, but these people were ransacking your communities. But we are defenseless no more, because at long last you have a president who puts America first. Been a long time. Been a long time. Been a long time. We're putting America first. No issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly betrayed the American people than that of immigration. He goes, "Traitor." Are you having a good time, sir? I think you are. Goes, "Traitor." I guess in a certain way they are traitors, when you think about it. Left wing politicians, I call them the Do Nothing Democrats, support deadly sanctuary cities, demonstrating their contempt, scorn and disdain for everyday Americans. These jurisdictions release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets where they are free to rob, attack and murder American citizens. You have it right here. You have it right here. Last year, ICE … I love ICE. I think they're so great. You know, they moved thousands of MS-13 out of our country, thousands, and others too. But ICE officers in this region of our country arrested nearly 7,000 illegal aliens with criminal records. So you have 7,000 illegal aliens having criminal records, including those charged or convicted of murder, burglary, robbery, drug crimes, killings in the most violent way. Right here in Wisconsin, cities run by far left politicians are releasing dangerous criminal aliens who abuse, assault and threaten innocent children. Your children. Last year, a place I like, the sanctuary County of Milwaukee, released an illegal alien criminal with multiple charges for sexual assault of child. Think of that, of children. He's now at large. They're searching all over and he's looking for yet another victim. They're searching all over. Allowed to go from your sanctuary city. In the city of Madison, police arrested an illegal alien for sexual assault. After authorities released him, he committed violent battery, only to be released one more time. They're looking for him again. Isn't that nice? The same illegal alien was then arrested for a third time in September and charged with multiple sexual assaults, including sexual assault of a child. Now that criminal is once again in Wisconsin jail and I call on your left wing officials to stop the madness and to work with ICE to ensure he is deported the hell back home. Get him out of our country. Democrats stand for crime, corruption and chaos. Republicans stand for law, order and justice. It's true. It's true. We believe Wisconsin should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members by the tens of thousands and we will not let them back. We made a deal with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico, where they accept them back. Under the Obama administration, they get them, they bring them back. And Honduras and Guatemala, which they get that, we're not taking them back, but with us, they take them back. They take them back. Very great. It helped a lot when we were paying them hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Think of it. I just said, we're not paying them anymore. All of a sudden they said, "We would love to have our wonderful gang members back. We would love to have our gang members back, sir." Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings, seven straight months in a row, and we're being helped by our new 100 miles plus of wall. Illegal crossings are down 78% since May and we have ended catch and release. That was a tough one. Our very big and very powerful border wall is going up at a record speed and we're fully financed now. Isn't that nice? That wasn't easy. That was not easy. We're adding new miles every week and we are on track to soon build that wall. You're going to have a wall like no other. It's going to be a powerful, terrific wall. And walls do work. I hate to say, remember the Democrats, "You don't need walls." Oh really? "We need drones." They wanted us to put drones flying around, taking pictures of everybody. Now, did you see on part of the new wall two days ago, illegal aliens with drugs on their back were climbing the wall. They got to the top. You know that paddle on top is called a climb resistor. It's very slippery and very hot, very hot, and they got stuck on the wall. They couldn't get off the wall. Did you see that? I was watching the news. I was surprised that the fake news showed it and I said, "Isn't that a beautiful sight?" They couldn't get over the wall. Couldn't get off. They had to get the fire department to get them down. Do you believe that? 30 feet up, that's like almost a four story building. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now. They're going crazy. They're going totally loony. Nervous nancy, how about Nervous … How about her district? Her district is so filthy dirty. It's filthy dirty with all of the things, I won't say it, but the needles and everything else. These are areas that were, 10 years ago, the best in the country and now they're disgusting. She ought to spend more time back in San Francisco taking care of her community, instead of wasting everybody's time. But taking their cues from socialist Bernie Sanders, AOC, all these people, liberal lawmakers are pushing a government takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million Americans of their private health insurance. Many of you have great insurance. Republicans will never let that happen. They'll probably change their mind before the … See, this is why I don't like talking about it now. I'd rather wait six, seven, eight months, let them say it 5, 000 times when they have to do it, and then talk extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God won five times." I said, "I've done one, but I've won. But it's the beep." But no, seriously, we're all smart people. How is it good when they say, "We're going to raise your taxes?" Is the world going crazy? They say, "We're going to raise your taxes. We're going to open borders. Everybody can come in … for everybody's health insurance. Schooling. You know, one time … we're going to get everybody a Rolls Royce, and CNN or one of them said, "They never said, and they never promised a Rolls Royce. Donald Trump lied tonight." I said, "Every illegal alien will have a Rolls Royce." They said, "He lied tonight." These people are sick. But they're the party of late term abortion, socialism and corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American Dream, and of course, honest Abe Lincoln, right? Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background and from every race, religion, color, and creed. We are a movement. There's a movement like nobody's ever seen before. You know, when I mention this, anything I say that's even slightly false, it's headlines. "Trump said this. These people. He said this." This is one of the greatest … I would say this. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country. I really believe that. Never been a movement like this. I mean, there have been some great movements where somebody came along and out of nowhere won the state of New Hampshire, won Iowa, won South Carolina down the way, won a state some place. But we won 32 states. There's never been a movement like this, never happened before. But we're a movement for all Americans who believe in fairness and justice, equality and dignity, opportunity and safety. We are a big tent and we are a big party of big ideas for the future. That's why African Americans are joining the Republican Party like nobody ever thought even possible. They love us and we love them. And to give former prisoners a second chance at life, we passed. It was us, not the Democrats. They came to me, they wanted help, I gave them help. I got it done. I called Republicans that maybe wouldn't have been so inclined, some of them. Some of them very much inclined. Some of them very conservative were very much inclined. But I got the people that we needed. Obama couldn't do it. Bush couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. I got it approved, and from the day it was approved, I got no thanks, I got no credit. And that's okay, because you know, right? But we passed bi-partisan criminal justice reform and that's helped so many people. I mean, you know the story of Alice Johnson. You know so many different stories. It's helped so many people, especially in the African-American community, the Hispanic community. It's helped a lot of people. It's a different world. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 187 federal judges, a record, who will interpret the constitution as written. 187. Last spring, Wisconsin voters, as you know, elected a great judge to your State Supreme Court, and this spring you have a chance to reelect another terrific judge, Justice Daniel Kelly. Go vote for Justice Daniel Kelly to defend the rule of law in Wisconsin. Daniel Kelly. We are aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and we've done great … Look, until you get rid of it, you never did great, but we have done numbers that nobody thought possible. In 2018, drug overdose deaths, the overdose deaths, fell for the first time in decades, including by 10% in the state of Wisconsin, 17, 18, 19 and even 21% in a couple of states. China is now putting a big stop, a big lid on Fentanyl, which is a disaster coming out of China. Said to president, "You've got to do it. People are dying, got to do it." They're doing it. We are fighting very hard for school choice and it's moving along well in Wisconsin. Milwaukee created the first school choice program 30 years ago to free children for failing government schools, and now my administration is working to give school choice to every child in America who needs it. As we continue rebuilding our military, workers are building brand new Humvee replacements … you know about that … in Oshkosh and magnificent new little old combat ships in Marinette. A lot of ships, a lot of Humvees. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something they've been trying to get for 52 years. For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for you, the people of Wisconsin. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the nation. What these people are doing, they will destroy our nation. They will destroy our nation. And our last election was so important. I don't know, maybe the most important ever, but it was so important. I really believe that this election maybe in its own way will be just as important. I can't say more, but just as important, because we need time for that tree to grow. You plant a tree and it takes time. We need time for that tree to grow, and we have other things that we want to do. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Have to do it. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all, and I have found out what a swamp it is. Bad people. I have become the expert all what a swamp. You know, when I used to say, "Drain the swamp," I had no idea it would be that bad. But we're winning. We're here and they're not. We're winning. We're winning. Bad people. Dishonest, bad people. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration, which now we're already doing. We're already doing a lot of it. You've got to get loopholes. You know, you need their votes. We have loopholes, like visa lottery. We put names in a lottery and they come in, they become American citizens. Do you think these countries are giving us their finest? "Oh, let's give them our best citizens, put them in." These people are crazy to allow this to happen, so we're stopping it all. But ending catch and release was a very big thing, and we did that with no Democrat help. They wouldn't do it. It's called loopholes. Who wouldn't want to end loopholes? We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years. Who would've thought that? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, "In God we trust." They'll always be there. We'll never let up remove it. Those words will always be there. From Milwaukee to Monroe, from Bayfield to Green Bay, good luck this weekend. And from West Bend to West Dallas, we stand on the shoulders of the most courageous men and women ever to walk on the face of the earth. Our American ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, landed men on the face of the moon, and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than ever before. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement. We are one people. We are one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of Wisconsin, the best is yet to come. You watch. Because working together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you.
Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you very much. That is a beautiful site right behind me, isn't it? That's a beautiful site. Thank you very much. And a very big hello, Wisconsin, we've been very good together. And I'm thrilled to be with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots. 47 days from now, we're going to win Wisconsin and we're going to win four more years in the White House. This is the most important election in the history of our country. I feel that way so strongly, so do you. Joe Biden devoted his entire career to offshoring Wisconsin jobs, outsourcing your factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless ridiculous foreign wars and surrendering your children's future to China. You know what he's been doing? I just see he's up there tonight getting softball questions from Anderson Cooper. They don't ask me questions like that. And the audience isn't quite like this. Do you see what his audience … they've got cars. They have car in a parking, it's the weirdest thing I've ever seen. And CNN is going, "Oh, this is so beautiful." It's not beautiful. They have cars in a parking lot. What a deal, I'll tell you, what a deal. Biden's supported every disasterous global sellout for half a century, including a NAFTA, China. You take a look at China's entry into the World Trade Organization and TPP. He supported them all, Biden, surrendered your jobs to China and you know that. I probably wouldn't be here if it weren't for that, it was one of the big things, one of the big reasons I decided to say to my great wife, our first lady, let's go have some fun. Let's go have some fun. She's done a great job and very popular. And the family is all over the place, all over the country. But unlike Joe, who lets you down when he'd never even came back to Milwaukee to apologize or just to pay respects, I came to Wisconsin and I've been here a lot since, since we started this, a lot. And you've been a tremendous beneficiary of what I've done and I have to, because you've been with me, you've supported me and we've had great victories together, all victories, so I want to thank you. Now Biden wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob. You see what's happening. If Biden wins very simple, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag burners, they win and we're not into flag burners. We don't like flag burners. I'd like to say, pass a law, one year in jail, you started burning flags, we put you in jail for a year. We should do that. They would have done that, it's a different world, I guess, but it's sort of coming back to the way we have to have it because we're for law and order. They say, don't use that term, it's too tough. No, everybody wants law and order. Minorities want law and order. Everybody wants law and order. They have to have it. I'm running for the reelection and a very important reelection to bring jobs in factories back and that's a continuation. Because I don't know if you know it, the single greatest year Wisconsin has ever had was last year. The second best year that Wisconsin has ever had was the year before. And guess what the third was the year before that? And you're going to have your best year economically next year, it's all heading in that direction despite the pandemic given to us by China. We want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there, because if we win, very simply America wins. And that's what we want, we want this great country to win. Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders. Fixed the disastrous trade deals, they have been the worst ever. Not even … it was not even … when I looked at these, I studied them and I used to talk about them, they had to be bad. When I started studying, I said, "Who are the people that made these deals?"2 Grossly incompetent people. Brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. military and obliterated the ISIS caliphate. We open obliterated it. Obama was not able to do it, he wasn't able to come close. It was just announced that in 2019, before the virus came in from China, we grew median income by a record of $4,400 in just one year, achieving the highest median income in U.S. history. That's in the history of our country. In the first three years, we lifted six point six million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in the history of our country. That's not bad. And I didn't even make these numbers up. These are numbers that … they sound good to me. We built the greatest economy in the history of a world. This is the greatest economy in the history of the world. And then the virus came in, we closed it down, we saved millions and millions of lives. We'd be at two and a half million, two million, three million. A number that would not be sustainable, would not be acceptable. A horrible number, there shouldn't have been one person that died. It should have been stopped at China. They stopped it for their country, but it came out to us, to Europe, to the rest of the world, 188 countries. We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine before the end of the year. And it could be very, very soon. You've been seeing what's going … could be very, very soon. Could be, it's amazing how all of a sudden they hate the vaccine. When they thought it couldn't be done, they said, "Well, he's got to get a vaccine." And then all of a sudden, they're looking like it's going to be very close. We're doing great. We're doing great with vaccines and therapeutics, Remdesivir, all sorts of other things that are bringing the rates down, like at numbers that nobody can believe. But we have three vaccines right now, they're in the final stage, clinical trials. We worked it for the FDA where they approved it fast. They went very fast, very quick, at levels that nobody else could have ever achieved. No other administration, certainly the last one, because the last one was grossly incompetent. In fact, that's why I'm here, because if it was good, I wouldn't have run. If they did their job, I wouldn't have run. I was very happy in my other life. I was very happy, but I'm very happy in this life. More happy, because nobody has produced in three and a half years, the first three and a half years, nobody has done what we have been able to do, nobody. So we'll defeat the virus and next year will be truly, I think, from an economic standpoint and from other standpoints, maybe the best year of all. Hard to believe we're going so fast, the numbers have been incredible. We've had employment numbers, the best ever. We've had retail sales numbers the best ever. You see them all, they come out every day. And our stock market is for the most part, at a new high. And if people have 401ks, if you want to have your 401k go down like to depression levels, I think you should vote for sleepy Joe, because he's going to raise your interest. He'll be raising your interest rates. I watch him though, he's denying all this up. Everything that he said, he's now denying. He said, no fracking, right? There will be no fracking during the … he didn't know what fracking was, but he said there's no fracking. The reason is because everybody else, all of the radical left candidates up there, they couldn't get too far left, so Joe agreed. Then he gets the nomination, now they're all angry. You know that crazy Bernie, all of the left democrats, they don't want to vote for him anymore because he made promises and now all of a sudden he forgot that he said no fracking. He said, "Well, now we can do some fracking." But remember this in politics, it's always the thing that they say first, that's what they're going to do. No guns, no religion, no energy, no oil, remember that. Remember, he put Beto in charge of his gun policy, right? Beto, crazy Beto. Remember when Beto went out, he said, "I was born for this." And that's when it all came down. As soon as I heard that, anybody said they were born for this, that doesn't play well. But he's in charge of the Second Amendment. And you won't have a Second Amendment. Frankly, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment if I didn't get elected, it would have been obliterated. It would have been torn up. Maybe it would have been totally knocked out. But there's tremendous pressure on your Second Amendment. As long as I'm here, you'll always have a Second Amendment. But I want to just say, they do disinformation, they make up a phony story and then they go with it. They make up a totally phony story. It's called disinformation. And one of the things, oh, what they did, the worst of all was the soldiers. Because, nobody loves our soldiers like I do and they made up a phony deal. And that's why I say the gloves are off because when they do that, that's worse than what I'm going to talk to you about, that's big 10. You know we got it back, right? We got big 10. But the soldier story, about standing over their graves, you know the one I'm talking about, then they do a commercial. And I said, the good news about that is the gloves are off. I can now call him grossly incompetent, the man is incompetent. He's been there for 47 years, he didn't do a thing. Now all of a sudden, in years where he was never considered smart, but now he's really not considered smart. And now all of a sudden he's going to do what he never did in 47 years. He's got to do this and that and everything that I'm doing, everything that we're doing. But I want to congratulate the big 10 conference on yesterday's announcement that the fall season will start very soon. Oh, I hope your team does well after all that. I hope that team does well. But I especially want to thank a football legend, he was great. Wisconsin's own Barry Alvarez, he was great. Good, got to be careful when you do that, a lot of times you don't like people too much. They say, "Oh," but he's a good man. We worked with him. We worked with a whole group, including the commissioner of the league, did a very, very good job, did a very good job. But we called them, and the reason is that they took an ad. In other words, another one, disinformation. They took an ad saying I was against football. I'm the one that said they shouldn't close. But I said that, if they close, they close. But then they took an ad saying I'm the one, I didn't want it. I wanted it closed. So then I said, "Well, no, I don't. I want it open. Let me call up the commissioner." We called up the commissioner and he was great. He said, "You really think so?" And bottom line, we worked very hard, lots of calls to lots of different states, lots of people. We dealt with the players, the parents of the players, who are really the boss, that's okay, I won't say that. But these are players that have a shot at the NFL. They have a shot at pro-football. We want the NFL to proudly stand when they sing our National Anthem. Or their ratings are going to continue to go down like they did last weekend, down 27%. Because people don't want that. You know what, we have enough politics, right? We have politics here. We have politics all over. In fact, sometimes I have to turn it off. I can't do it anymore. I can't watch me. It's always … I can't watch me. I can't watch. But no, we have enough politics. We don't want to watch now on Sunday, all, here we go again with the politics, let them play football, let them stand and salute or put your hand on your heart and be proud of our country and be proud of our great American flag. And then go home to the mansion and have a good time. Take a nice sauna and then if you want, after you recover, you come out and you go and you do your thing, whatever the thing may be. But people don't want to see it and the ratings are down. Here we go again. I thought we taught them that lesson two years ago. Didn't we think? I thought we taught that lesson. But Biden would absolutely eradicate your state's economy. I know this state very well. It's one of the reasons I made the great deal with Canada and Mexico, but Canada, because they were taking advantage of you so badly on your dairy products. You had a 287% tariff on your dairy products with Canada. People don't realize Canada is one of the toughest negotiators and they treated your state and this country very unfairly until I came along, very, very unfairly. Did you know that? 287. But I saw some farmers and this was like the straw that broke the camel's back. They had something called specialty milk. Does anybody know what that is? Right, you know. A lot of people … it's a small little grouping of milks, specialty milk. But this was the final straw. And I met some people and Canada finally did it to them like they did it to everybody else. And they raised a tariffs massively, they made it impossible. They tried to take over that business too, along with all of them, it was just massive and horrible what they did. And that really got me going, the little specialty milk, specialty products, a small portion, but you know what, that was it. And we have a great deal. The USMCA is a great deal and I'm very honored to have done it. But it was all because of specialty milk and the way you were taken advantage of by Canada. You know, they have the wonderful, Oh, Canada, we love to hear the song, right? But let me tell you, they are very tough. And they've taken advantage of our country for many, many years. And I will tell you this, they're not so happy now, but at least they got a deal, but you're happy. And it's about time you were happy. You now have a great deal and you're not going to have your companies leaving for Mexico anymore or Canada. And you're not going to have them make your product in Mexico or Canada, send it over here with no tariff, with no tax. Where we lose tax, we lose jobs, we lose our companies, we lose everything. And they make a lot of money selling the product to us, same product. So we're not doing that stuff anymore. There's a tremendous disincentive, it's called, like, let's not do it. And you haven't seen that lately. You haven't seen too many companies leaving have you? It's sort of an amazing thing. It's a little bit like what we did with the statues. So on the statutes, they were knocking them down three or four months ago. I said, "Do we have any laws? No, but there was a very old law." I said, "What was it?" You get 10 years in jail, 10 years in prison, they actually use the word prison, which is a tough word. You get 10 years in prison if you knocked down a statue or a monument. I said, "Let me see that law, I want to see that law." Right, Glen, right? I want to see that law. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So big tax cuts, big regulation cuts. The Democrats, they want to … the Democrats, they want to just really break us down in terms of our competitive ability to compete with other nations. Do you notice what's happening with Japan? You notice what's … We have taken billions and billions of dollars in from China. We charge them a fortune. In fact, many farmers in this group, because you got to love Trump. I gave you $28 billion, right? Thank you very much, China, right? You were targeted. 12 billion, Sonny Purdue, Secretary of Agriculture. I said, "Sonny, how much have they been hit for, targeted for?" Remember when China said we're not going to do anything, we're not buying. They thought they were going to put pressure on us. Sonny said, "Sir, 12 billion, the year before last and last year was 16, total of 28 billion." We took 28 billion out of the tariffs. China never paid us 25 cents, not 25 cents with Obama and Biden. And in all fairness with no president, they paid us nothing. They pay us now tens of billions of dollars. I took a small portion of it, I added it up, 16 and 12, 28, and I said, $28 billion is going to the farmers. Did everybody get that money, right? You had a very good year, the farmers have had a very good year. Last week, China ordered and you have to understand, I view China differently now than I did six months ago, we made a great trade deal but I view it differently because I don't know if I can ever view it the same. But last week they know how I feel and they're very smart. So instead of saying, we're not going to do business, which would have been okay with me. We would have worked it out somehow, you would have been very successful, the farmers. But last week, they had the largest order of corn. Did you know this? In the history of our country. Did anyone know this, the farmers? From China, thank you very much. The largest order of soybeans in the history of our country. And one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country, because they're very smart. Somebody else would have said, well, let's not do business. And then it would have been easy for me, but they gave us so much. I have every farmer calling up saying, please do me a favor. We love this. We love this. This is a great deal. It's a great deal, but we feel differently about it, don't we? We just feel differently about it. I don't talk about it like I used to, I talked about it, it was great. And it turned out to be a great deal, but I don't talk about it the same way. At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies or two agendas for the future than these two parties, you got law and order on one side and you have chaos on the other. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we will allow Biden and the Democrats to impose a four trillion dollar tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, which is what they want to do. Shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs. You know they were destroying our suburbs, you know that, right? I don't know, if somebody said, you just doing okay in the suburbs? I said, "How can I do okay, I saved the suburbs. What I've done is saved the suburbs." And you know this, I don't have to go into it, but I saved the suburbs. I think the suburbs … Last time, four years ago, "Oh, he's not going to do well with women." I did great with women. They said, "Well a big thing." Remember that?. No, but was that one of the greatest evenings ever, remember? And remember all the fake news, look at all the … Oh la, that's a lot. That's a lot of people back there. Look at that, the red lights are on. Don't worry, I won't say anything bad about you CNN. Because as soon as I see, as soon as I- Because as soon as I see … As soon as I'm getting ready to say something about fake news, et cetera, et cetera, the lights start going off so I'm not going to … One just went off I think. You can tell by the lights, they got that little beautiful red light. You see it? But I won't say anything bad about them but they are fakers and do you remember when they … Remember when they were saying that the polls are terrible. Actually these polls are very good compared … That was so bad it was like why did anybody vote. They're called suppression polls. They make them so bad that you lose all your appetite, you lose all your spirit, they take your guts out, and you don't go and vote, and your wife looks at you and says, "Darling I love that guy, but he's not going to win. He doesn't have a chance because the polls, he's down 10, he's down 20, he's down 50 points, darling. He can't possibly win. Let's go have dinner and then we'll come home and watch his concession speech." But my people didn't buy that because my people went out to vote. Instead, we watched her concession speech. Crooked Hillary, that was a real piece of work. Remember when she was saying, "Will you accept the decision of the voters? Will you accept that decision?" I wasn't perfect, I said I'll see how it works out. I should have said, "Yes, I will," but I couldn't do that because I know how crooked she is. Would you accept the decision? The anchor said to me like, "Will you accept?" They're coming after me, I said, "You're supposed to be going after her a little bit too." Did you ever see debates where you had all of the anchors plus the candidates against me? Here we sit, is that Air Force One, yes, that's Air Force One. How did that happen? A lot of the times I'd say to the anchor, I'd say, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. This isn't fair." I mean I'm watching what they're doing with Biden where he's using teleprompters, "Move it up, move it up, I can't see, I can't see." He's shot. He's shot. President Xi of China is not shot. Putin is not shot. Kim Jong-un, remember we're supposed to be in a war with him, what happened to the war? No, it seems to be good. Did you see the Middle East two days ago? Remember our incompetent negotiator John Kerry? He never got up to walk. The guy's getting beaten on every point, I say, "Walk. Walk. Get up and leave the table. You're giving up." They'd say, "We want this." He'd say, "Well, I'd rather not." "We want this." "Okay, you got it." "We want that." "You got it." "We want that." Say no and walk. They'll probably possibly call you back and if they don't that's okay too. But right now I will tell you Iran, if we win, Iran will be calling us within the first week, they're dying to make a deal. GDP down 27%. They don't have too much money for terror anymore, it's actually amazing, do you notice what's going on? Now I don't want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done, we're going to hit them 1000 times harder than we've ever hit them before. So hopefully they will just come and we'll make a deal and they'll go back to being a rich country, let them go back and be rich but they cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot. That deal was so bad that Obama made. $150 billion, they got $150 billion for nothing. You know the deal is practically … If I didn't terminate it which I'm proud to have done, but if I didn't terminate it, they got $1.8 billion in cash, how about that? If I didn't terminate that stupid deal, first of all you wouldn't have the deal in the Middle East and all these countries are joining, it's happening fast. They want to all join. We did it, you know, the reverse. We did it the … Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You know it's interesting, thank you very much. I knew I like you. So the Nobel Peace Prize. So the funny thing, a lot of people don't know because the fake news doesn't write about it. So if you're a president, right? And you are nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, you're the United States, no, but think of this. That's a big deal. I mean Obama got it like in his first couple of weeks and nobody knew why he got it including him, remember? He couldn't tell you why. He had no idea. To this day, he has no idea why he got it. But if you're a president and you get nominated, then two days later, you get nominated, did you know this, a second time, for a different deal. Kosovo. Serbia. They've been killing each other for hundreds of years. I stopped a lot of death and I did it like easy, it wasn't hard for me. It's sort of a natural thing to do but we did a good thing. But you know what? They did a check. So I got nominated twice for the Nobel Peace Prize, that's a big deal, I don't know. I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things, but these are for two different deals, and not one mention was made on the evening news. Think of it. I got rid of the prosecutor, here's the billion, right? But they don't want to play that too often. You have to look around for it. It's a very unfair deal but as the expression goes, we won, I don't know how the hell we did it. When you look at the opposition, when you look at how unfair it is and these guys know very well, you look at how unfair it is, it's pretty damn good, but we have a lot of support. We have tremendous support of the people. These rallies, look at this rally. These rallies … These rallies are incredible gap ever polled. I'm not a believer in the polls but I believe that one. It's the biggest enthusiasm gap, he's got no enthusiasm. The only enthusiasm is for the people that want to beat us, they want to beat me. That's the only thing he's got, the people that want to … They couldn't care less about him. He could be that piece of wood that was left in the ground. Biden will hand the left wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom. Earlier today I took a historic stand against the hateful lies being fed to America's youth, the parents know all about it. I checked, they're doing it in Wisconsin too. I was a little surprised, I'm a little surprised. I'm a little surprised you let it happen actually but we're going to get rid of it. I announced that we're launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 Commission. We're going to teach our children the truth about America, that we're the most exceptional nation ever to exist and we're getting better every single day. Sleepy Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the far left. He even opposed sending the National Guard into a place called Kenosha, did you ever hear of Kenosha? How about that, did we do a good job? I wish we did it a little sooner but we finally got your governor's okay. We have to do that if … We got to get the governors to say please do it. How they don't do it, how they don't do it in some other places when you look at what's going on with Chicago, right? When you look at what's going on with Portland, those are just anarchists. You know how long it would take us to fix up Portland in terms of ending it all? I'd say far less than an hour, I'd say a half hour. Look what we did at Minneapolis. We're doing well in Minnesota because they saw what happened. Now they shouldn't have allowed it to go on for 11 days, they should have called us immediately but do you remember that beautiful night? Nice evening, a little problem, there were a lot of buildings in the background that were burning down to the ground as reporters said, "No, this is a peaceful protest." I don't know if it's your state but a couple of them they have … You're allowed to protest, so you can't go to church but you can rip the hell out of the streets, of Main Street, of 5th Avenue, break up the stores. Burn down the buildings. Climb over each other's face, you can climb right over their face. You don't have to wear masks, you don't have to do anything. 25,000 people walking down the street, looters, anarchists, agitators, burning down stores, throwing things at police. They've taken the authority away from our police, our great police. They've taken their authority and their dignity away. We're giving it back, we have to, we have to. By the way, I was endorsed by New York's finest and we're with them all the way. I was just endorsed two days ago by Chicago Police. I think that takes courage, right? Philadelphia, Florida, Texas, everybody, Ohio. I don't know, did anybody … Is there one group of … Even if it was a tiny little group of two or three police, did anybody endorse Sleepy Joe? I don't think so. But we did a great job in Kenosha. We got out there, I went there as you know, a little while ago but had we not gone in that place would … It would have been burned to the ground. They did damage, we should have gone in. I wanted to go in the first night, we would have stopped it immediately but it was a great outcome as was in Minnesota. Again, if they would have called us early it would have been over. Portland, I'd love to go there. That would be so easy. You know in Seattle, they heard we were coming in, they gave up. They heard we … I said, "That's enough. We're going in. I don't care. We're going in." "Do you have permission." "No, we're going in." They took over a chunk of the city, and when they heard we were going in it's like, "Well we give up, that's it." That was the end of the Settle problem. It's a terrible thing that's going on. All in Democratic run, super liberal run, cities. The red cities are doing great. I think we're doing great all over, the Republican cities, we're fair. We're not stupid. How stupid these people are. Did you see Chicago? 48 people shot, six died. You know we're in Afghanistan, we're pulling the troops, you know that, we're coming back, we're almost finished. We're pulling … Finally, these endless wars. These endless wars, and we had to fight other things but we've done a great job but we're acting like a police force over there. No, we're pulling the troops, we're almost out of Iraq. That's another one, we're down to about 2,000 troops, did you know that Sean? 2,000 troops. So Syria, we're out but we kept the oil so we have some … Was it okay that we at least kept the oil? I feel badly because we have some troops … "Well you haven't pulled the troops." No no, we're gone, we pulled all the troops out of Syria. Remember we were supposed to be guarding the border between Syria and Turkey? I said, "Why are we doing that?" They said, "Well, we are." I said, "Wait a minute, we have an army of 100,000 here, an army of 25,000, 30,000 here. We got 5,000 soldiers. That's a very dangerous position to be in." I don't like it. They've been guarding their own borders with different names for a thousand years. Why the hell do we have to be over there guarding their border? We want to guard our own borders, right, where we're doing very well. Where we're doing very well. We're doing great on our southern border, I hate to say this, but that wall is going up very rapidly, 10 miles a week. We're up to 330 miles and the wall will be finished very soon. You think that was easy, that was not easy, our great congressman over here, that was not easy. The Democrats were totally in favor of the wall until I said when I came in, "We will build the wall." As soon as I said it, they were against the wall. They said, "We don't want you to build the wall. Walls don't work." I said, "No no, walls always work." You know what else works? The wheel. The wheel and the wall, you can go back. Come back in 1,000 years from now. The only two things I know for sure, you're going to have a wheel and you're going to have a wall. The computers, they come up with a brand new computer, it's genius, 12 days later, it's obsolete. But walls are never obsolete, neither are wheels. So I made one mistake and I tell this to these guys because they were great warriors for me, the congressmen. They were incredible actually. I tell it to them. I should have said instead of we will build the wall, we will build the wall, we will build … Then the Democrats held us up and fought us and sued us and everything else and now we won so many lawsuits on the wall and we had the military money, I can build like 10 walls with all the money we have. It's the craziest thing. Maybe we'll build it double thick or we'll go twice as high. No, but the wall is great. Everything, everything, that they wanted, but I made one mistake. I should have said, "We will not build a wall." Then they would have insisted that we build it, I could have saved two years of litigation. "We will not build a wall under any circumstances." Then Pelosi would say, "We demand that you build a wall." These people are terrible. Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug. She's crazy as a bedbug. She decided to make a nice little stop-in at the beauty parlor, how did that work out? Not too good, it didn't work out too well. Can you imagine? The owner of the beauty parlor is a MAGA lady, she loves Trump. Can you believe it? I don't know what it is but I think if I owned a beauty parlor, I had a customer, I'm not sure I'd be turning her in. The owner turned Nancy in. That's a lot of hate. That's serious hate, right? No, she's a great owner. As far as I'm concerned, I think she's fantastic. She's for us. They said, "What made you do it?" You know what she said, "Because I see how hard our president has to work. I see what they put him through. I see what he puts with and I turned her in." How about that? How about that? We love her. She can do my hair anytime. I think I'm going to call her in. Check it out, maybe you can do something. Maybe you can improve it, it's not bad though. I have friends that … I have friends my age, they're not looking too good. Instead of standing up for America, Joe Biden and the Democrats, they condemn America and war is always waged on our great law enforcement. We love our law enforcement. Kamala Harris, that's another great beauty, Kamala Harris, that's a beauty. Remember, I tell this story all the time. When you pick somebody, you pick somebody that's hot, that's going in the right direction, right? She came out, she was at like 14, 15 in the polls, and she started going down, down, down, it never stopped. It drove her crazy. She was terrible at the debates. Wait till you see what … I don't want to put pressure on him but wait till you see what Mike Pence does to her in the debates, but I don't want to put … I don't want to put pressure on Mike. Do we have a great vice president? Is he good? He's great, and he loves this state. Loves all the states actually. He's just a great American but do you remember his last debate? What he did to that character from Virginia? That one wasn't good. The other guy's jumping around, Mike is just sitting there, we love America, we're going to lower your taxes. Thank you, you win. No, Mike is great. But Kamala Harris and 13 members of Biden's staff urged their supporters to donate to a fund to bail out rioters, take them out of jail, get them out of jail as soon as possible. Including one who attempted to murder a police officer, a man who was accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl. This is what we're dealing with. This is what we're dealing with. You know Kamala was considered, is considered further left than Crazy Bernie, think of that. They got there … I mean seriously, watch. You know the manifesto that Biden and … It's not Biden, Biden has not agreed to anything. His people, his representatives, because Biden doesn't know he's alive, let's not kid ourselves. Biden. Biden didn't agree, he didn't, they just told him what's happening. They said, "Listen, you're against fracking but now you have to be in favor of fracking because you lucked out. Elizabeth Warren decided not to drop out and when she stayed," Pocahontas, you know Pocahontas? Did anybody ever hear of her? She's another great one. Pocahontas. I said to her a long time ago, I've got more Indian blood in me than you do and I have none, I have none. Sadly. I'd love a little bit of it, but I have none, I said … I turned out to be right. She choked and she went for a blood test. Remember? Was it 1024th? Meaning maybe nine hundred years ago, there was a little action going on. Crazy Pocahontas, she's a nasty one though, isn't she? She's a terrible person. I was hoping that she'd win so we could go after her because I think Kamala is not as smart but she's a little bit less vicious. I think this. The one who treated Sleepy Joe the worst was Kamala. She accused him of MeToo, she accused him of everything. She accused him of … That he was a racist, right? That he was a racist? Because what he's done to the black population of this country was a terrible thing. She's accused him of everything under the book, the busing, remember, the busing scandal. So I said brilliantly he'll never pick her because she was too terrible to him. She was the worst of everybody. By far, I would say, but she picked him and hopefully that's going to be history, it's not going to matter, and that is no way for a woman to become the first president, that's for sure. If a woman is going to become the first president of the United States, it can't be her. That would rip our country apart. This is not what people want and she comes in through the backdoor, this would not be what people want, especially because it's her. Biden has called to end cash bail, you know that right, for vicious criminals? Meaning if you assault a copy or anybody else, you're right back on the street the next day. He called for police and he calls them all the time the enemy. He says they're the enemy and he just thinks it's terrible. He think it's terrible. Now he's liking the police much more. It's a little late. Remember, first instinct, that's where they're going, and he has no choice because he has to, because again, I was going to say, the radical left hates him because they think he deceived them because they agreed on that manifesto and that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream and he agreed from the Green New Deal, getting rid of your planes. No more airplane trips. Remember the crazy senator from Hawaii? "Do you like the Green New Deal?" "I love it very much," he said. Oh okay, well you're the senator from Hawaii, that's right, the beautiful island of Hawaii. She said, "Under the Green New Deal you basically can't fly in an airplane." "Oh that's a problem." So they said they'd build a bridge from the mainland to Hawaii. It's 2,000 miles long but these are minor details. Remember her when they explained to her that planes are out, cows are out. Cows, they don't want cattle, they don't want cows. Did they withdraw that one? That was a tough one, wasn't it? They don't want cows, bad for the ozone layer. Who would even think of that? You'd got to be sick to even think it, okay? Give me a break. Give me a break and I guess under that theory this big guy is next, he's next. No, it's a sick deal going on there. To do it the way they want would cost $100 trillion. That's more money than this country could earn in 1,000 years to do it right. " We don't like that building, the windows are too large." "Okay, let's rip it down and build a new one." What windows are you going to have? You're not going to have windows anymore. Environmental. They love wind too, right? The big windmills, I always say, the greatest graveyard in the world for birds, just walk under a windmill. You will see more dead birds than you will ever imagine, what's happening, including eagles. You know, in California they put you in jail if you shoot a bald eagle, right? You go to jail, right? These windmills are knocking them out of the sky all day long. It's unbelievable, and yet they want wind, and wind also is very, it's very hard to store the electricity from wind. So if you go home and you want to watch television because President Trump is on and you want to watch one of his very brilliant State of the Union addresses, if the wind isn't blowing, the husband looks at the wife, says, "Darling, I'm sorry, you can't watch tonight. The wind is not blowing." "Sorry, you can't watch tonight. The wind is not blowing." And she looks at me, "I like the old days. It's much better." But the rhetoric of Biden and the radical left puts your law enforcement in serious danger. Last weekend, two Los Angeles sheriff's deputies were ambushed and shot at point blank range. And we have everybody looking for that creep that did it. I called him an animal the other night. I said, "He's an animal," and we were challenged by some people on the left. "He's not an animal. He's a human being." He's not a human being. They got to find him. They got to find him. And the penalty has to be very fast, very swift and very, very severe. You can't do that. We call for the death penalty if you kill a policeman. You know that, right? But the anti police demonstrators, they cheered and cheered when they saw this. And then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital. As president, I'll always support the heroes of law enforcement and I'll fight to ensure that criminals who murder police officers do indeed get the death penalty. They want prisoners to vote too, they wanted to. I said, "So what about the Boston bomber?" Remember Bernie Sanders? He wanted all prisoners to have. And I said, "Does that mean everybody?" "Yes." So we sent in a question, "Does that include the Boston bomber? Is he entitled to a vote?" And even Bernie is going, "Oh man, let's get into a different question. This is not a good question." But we want to get that, we want to take care of it. If you look at all of the problems that we have, you look at crime, even somebody brought it up today, we're doing a great job relative to other countries on the coronavirus. You know how many names we have? Like 22 different names. I call it the China virus. We're doing a great job. But if you want to really see a great job, take New York and some of these other Democrat run states out of it. You'll see numbers that are unbelievable because New York had a very, very hard time. A lot of bad things happened. But you take a few of the states out and you'll really see numbers. But by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built. And I think our task force has been incredible. And Mike Pence has done a great job. Biden opposes the death penalty for cop killers or mass murderers. Biden says he wants to protect black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of African American citizens. The Democrat party's war on cops has already led to surging homicides in Democrat controlled cities. Yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide. They ask him, "What about nationwide? What about the fact that you just had your Democrat national convention?" Where, by the way, we had far many more viewers, millions and millions of more viewers. We had millions of more. I thought it was a great thing. Did anybody hear Herschel Walker that night? It was … well. You talk about a good football player. He was some player. What a great guy. But all of them, everybody. The first lady did great, Ivanka did great. They all did, they did great. We had some … and some incredible stories, some very sad stories when you look and see what happened. But Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest the domestic terrorists. Joe Biden is a weak person. He's always been a weak person. And that was in prime time. And prime time was 25 years ago. And let me tell you, he's not old. I always defend him on this. I have friends that are 85, 89, 92, 95, and they're 100%. There's just something wrong with Joe. He's off, okay? He's off, and I have no problem saying it anymore when I watch the disinformation, because this is not disinformation. This is fact. If he's elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets, they'll be running the Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Education. And most importantly, they will put many judges on the United States Supreme Court. We can't have that. We'll have a totally different country; radical left judges. And that has to do with the Second Amendment. It has to do with right to life, it has to do with so many different things that will turn your world upside down. And they'll have one, two, three or four, whoever is the next president. And hopefully, that's going to be us. Not me, us. It's us. But I put it, and think of this, by the end of the term, we'll have approximately 300 brand new, great federal judges, Court of Appeals judges 300, which is a record, 300. Give or take a little, tiny bit, but 300. Nobody thought that was possible. I want to thank President Obama. He left us 142 openings. Nobody gets left one opening. A federal judgeship is a big deal. Nobody gets left any openings. He gave us 142 openings. Thank you very much. What happened? They thought Hillary was going to win, so they didn't push it. And then they said, "Wait a minute, these polls are getting a little close at the end." And they tried like hell to get some judges approved, but it didn't work. That's what happens. You got to go and you have to act fast. You got to get it done. Get it done, right? We get things done like nobody's ever gotten it. Oh, he was a great president. He was great. He left 142 judges for the Republicans. He was a great president, right? If you are of that side of the plate of that ideology, and you had a president that left you 142 federal judgeships, I don't think you'd rate him as doing a good job. Hey, look at what happened in Iraq, look at what happened with ISIS, look at what happened with our military, look at what happened with our vets. Our vets are better taken care of now than they've ever been in the history of our country, but never forget they are coming after me because I am fighting for you. And that's true. That's true. And we're winning the fight and we're winning this election. This election, we are doing well. They refuse to say it. They refuse to say it, and they hate to say it. It just drives them crazy. But that night, remember they started off by saying, "This will be a very short evening for Donald Trump." That was Donald Trump in those days. Now, it's President Trump. I lost all my friends because of this position. I had friends. "Hey, Don, let's go to dinner." "Okay. Good, Richard. I'll go." Hey, Don, let's go." "Okay, Larry. I'll see you later. I'll meet you at a restaurant in New York." Everybody was nice and loose. You could have a great conversation, and you don't want to know what we talked about. It's just none of your business, but we were loose. All of a sudden, I'd become president of the United States. And these are a lot of … I know a lot of important people. Actually, the people I like the best are the people that are less successful because it makes you feel so powerful. I always say, never go out with a successful person. You'll understand. But I know a lot of very successful people, very, very successful. And now they call me up, "Mr. President, sir, would you like to get together sometime?" I say, "Loosen up. Yes, call me Donald. You've known me for 30 years, call me Donald." "Oh, thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. President, I appreciate it." I lost all my friends because it's respect for the office, let's face it. It's different. They used to be loose, they used to be great. You could sit back, I'm not a drinker, but you could sit back and have a drink, whatever the hell you're drinking. And now, you can't do that anymore. You can't do it anymore. So I have to rely on people in Congress to be my friends. And we just happened to have a couple tonight. And one of them who's been a great warrior and he's doing a fantastic job, I just saw you on television by the way, Bryan. Does everybody know Bryan Steil? Bryan Steil; young, handsome, but a warrior. When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake, what did we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house. One night, it was a fake impeachment. I got impeached over a perfect phone call of congratulations to the president of Ukraine, who I never met before. If you're going to do something, at least know him a little bit, right? I never met him. And then they said it was eight times, quid pro quo. That was Adam Schiff. Shifty Schiff, right? And he went before Congress and he repeated my conversation, except that he made it all up. Remember he repeated it? And then I said, "Ah, fortunately, we had that whole thing essentially recorded." I'm glad I did, but these are very deceptive, deceiving, sick people. And I said, "Well, he lied because there was no quid pro quo." It was a perfect conversation. But by that time it was too late because they had already embarrassed themselves by doing it. And Nancy Pelosi was all set. She loved doing it, she from day one, but she thought it was what Schiff said. When she saw the conversation, she said to her people, "What the hell did you get me into?" So they could have dropped it, but they said, "Let's give it a shot." He's another beauty, Mitt Romney. He's a real beauty. He couldn't get elected dog catcher right now in Utah. So we have another great one and he's really a friend of mine, and he's been solid. He loves his country and he loves his state, Glenn Grothman. Glenn, thank you very much, friend. And a man who just got elected, and he's from an area that I know very well, we did very well, we got our big, big, fat, beautiful contract that produced lots of jobs. But he was taking a legend's place, so it's never easy to replace a legend. That's Duffy, in case anybody … And they was running and we did a lot of work for him, and it was great. And he reacted very well under pressure. A lot of people don't react well under pressure. They choke, they choke. He was under a lot of pressure and he ended up winning by like 18 points. And now, he's your congressman. He's doing a great job. You got to vote for all these people on November 3rd, Tom Tiffany. Thank you, Tom. And we have a great congressional candidate, Derrick Van Orden. Where's Derrick? Derrick, good luck. I hear good things, Derrick. You got my total support. I hear very good things. I could only be supportive. Our record is like 222 and three, so I don't like to have a loss. And I support you a 100%, you know that. You have my total endorsement, all right? I hear you're fantastic. All right. And your former congressman who I hope is making a lot of money in the private sector because he deserves it, especially his wife, Rachel deserves it, she's just fantastic. He's fantastic because I know he's coming back into government in some form. He can come with us. He can stay here. He can maybe run for governor or maybe do something, Sean Duffy. Sean Duffy. No, but he was the World Champion tree climber. And I love sports, right? Anytime you know the world champion at anything, but especially that, and I'll never forget. I was asking about it. "How was it was?" He said, well, he broke his back numerous times. He broke a lot of bones. I said, "Let me ask you a question. How much harder was it to go up the tree than down?" He said, "It was easy going up." The hard part was coming down because if he missed, that was where the danger was, right? That was where the danger. But many times, world champion. Could you still do it today? "A little bit heavier," he said. You got to carry a little bit more weight. That's all right. That's not a good sign though, right? Anyway, great job. We love having you Rachel, thank you very much. You are a friend. Fox and friends, and plenty of other places, right? A lot of personality, a lot of personality. Rachel, she's been our friend from day one, I think from day one. And her fantastic family too. Tonight, we're also praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sally. We're out there working very hard. We are working in Florida and Alabama and Georgia. We have FEMA. We have everybody there. We just finished in … take a look, we just went to Louisiana, Texas. We're getting hit by some big hurricanes, but we have it under control. Really good. Our coast guard has been fantastic, by the way. Unbelievable, the bravery. They go into these storms. They go into these storms. They say, "How dangerous is it?" "Sir, it's very dangerous." I say, "Yeah. All right." He said, "Would you like to try it sometime?" I say, "Admiral, no, thank you. I'll take a pass." I think they might have a problem with me doing it, but I will tell you, they are … In Texas, they saved 16,000 people two years ago, the coast guard, US Coast Guard. I think there's no brand to me, that's gone up more than the US Coast Guard. So it's great that we're getting them new ships. Those ships are all coming in. Nice new ones, all built in the USA, beautiful ones. Most of them have already arrived. My administration will be by their side through every step. We're working again, very, very hard in the Panhandle. The Panhandle, we love the Panhandle. It got hit hard. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. We passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts. Nobody's ever done more, more than anybody else has ever done to keep our family farms in the family. We've virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. So if you die in 100 years from now, and you have children who you love as opposed to children that you can stand … is anybody here they have children that they don't like, or perhaps can't stand? Because if you do, don't listen to the rest of this. But if you have a family that you love and you have a small business or farm or whatever, they were being put out of business. They'd have to go and borrow the money to pay the estate tax, the death tax. And it was a terrible thing. We got rid of it, so now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family. And just hope they remember you every once in a while. It's always a difficult situation, but it was. It was ruining farms. They'd have to go out and sell the farm, they'd have to go out and get partnerships, they'd have to go out and borrow money from banks. And then all of a sudden they're in foreclosure proceedings and they've never done that before. They don't have to worry about that anymore. If you love your family, that's a big deal. They've been trying to get that, Sean, for what, 30 years they've been trying to get that, right? Especially for the farmers, because it's that kind of a business. It's a great business, but it's day to day. You have a bad crop, all of a sudden you can't pay interest on a loan to pay your state tax, right? And they lose their farm. So we're not going to have that anymore. We achieved American energy independence for the first time. Totally independent. We don't have to be in those far away places unless we want to be. Biden pledged to abolish American oil, American jail, clean coal, natural gas. He said the fracking, I told you that, but we're not going to let him get away. We'll be bringing that up on occasion. For 47 years, Joe Biden crushed the dreams of Wisconsin workers and enriched foreign countries. That's what happened. Before I got here, what was happening with Japan? And we pay our deep respects to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of all of ours, a great friend of mine. He's going to be leaving office very soon, like in a matter of a day. And he was a great gentleman. He's a tough negotiator, I'll tell you that. He made very good deals against the United States, but he's somebody that's going to be missed. He's a great gentleman. He championed every special interest, Biden, every special interest. And he sold out on trade. He sold out like almost nobody ever before. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law. I saved the US auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. You ever hear of that beauty? That would have really hit you. In 2017, I signed a historic executive order making government policy to buy American and hire American. I'm watching this Biden and he's got his sign in front, "Buy American. Oh, by American." I've been saying that for like 20 years, right? Where the hell has this guy been? They were actually accusing him of plagiarism. I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Wisconsin jobs. And it's all jobs, but you got hit particularly hard. Biden has vowed to remove those tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. He wants to take the tariffs off that are paying us tens of billions of dollars a year. I fought like hell to keep them into the China deal and he wants to remove them. So tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions, I gave it to the farmers. I gave it to a lot of people, but I gave most of it by far, to the US Treasury. He wants to take them off. So let me just ask you just a very innocent question. There's a young man, about four years old up front, I think he could give the answer. Who do you think would like to have China? How do you think China would feel about this election? In one case, they paid billions and billions of dollars a month to the US. We never got ever, 25 cents from China. In the other case, he said, "We're going to take them off." I think they might be inclined to go for Sleepy Joe. This is like a dream for China. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA. It's very simple. So we did many things. Not only China, not only the $28 billion farmers. We did so much and I'm proud to announce that I'm doing even more to support Wisconsin farmers. Starting next week, my administration is committing an additional, you've been asking for this for a long time, $13 billion in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus, including Wisconsin's incredible dairy, cranberry and ginseng farmers who got hurt badly. Been after that money for a long time. When the Wisconsin timber industry was threatened, I imposed tariffs on dumped foreign timber and subsidized products, saving many, many timber jobs in your state. If Joe Biden gets in, the radical left will shut down Wisconsin's timber production for environmental reasons. Do you believe that? Oh, boy. It's so sad to see it, and that would happen. But we can't let that happen. We've come too far. We're so good. If that virus hadn't hit us, and it did, and it hit the whole world, but if it hadn't hit us, we would have numbers the likes of which nobody thought were even remotely possible. But it did, and we saved a lot of lives. They keep saying, "Oh, they just …" By the way, if we had two people die, they would have said he did a terrible job. If we had 100 people die, if we had 1000, no matter what we do. We have trade deals. We announced a trade deal, everybody is saying how great it is. Schumer and Pelosi see it, they have no idea what the deal is, "We don't like the deal." Did you look at it? "Oh, of course, we looked at it. It doesn't have tariffs. Oh no, it does have tariffs." They know nothing about the deal. Automatically, anything we do, they just take the reverse. But you know what? I'd probably do it to them too, so I can't complain. And perhaps no issue have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration. Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended the catch and release. You know what catch and release is? You catch up them, they may be a killer, they may be a criminal at the highest order, you take their name. Then you're supposed to bring them to a court, like Perry Mason, right? But we actually catch them, take their name, release them, say, "Come back in about four years for your court case." We ended all this stuff. And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy, let me tell you. It was tough, but we have a really good, secure border. And the president of Mexico has been terrific. We right now have 27,000 soldiers from Mexico guarding our border, free of charge. We stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens of the worst kind. We're enforcing the clear requirement that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient and not reliant on welfare. They have to sign a document. We invested $2. 5 trillion in the US military, including major contracts to build new warships that helped save the historic shipyard in Marinette. How about that? I was there two months ago. Marinette. That's a great company, but it was having a hard time. And now, they're building, what was that, like $6 billion worth of ships? And their beauties. They've started already, and we worked very hard on that. And we had a lot of help from your congressman on that one, because a lot of people wanted that contract. But we got it for Wisconsin, remember that. We launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in nearly 75 years. That's right, the Space Force. The fact is, and somebody said it on the other side, an opponent said whether you like it or not, Trump actually did more as president than he promised during the campaign. Like Space Force, that's a big deal. Think of it; army, navy, air force, marine. … Think of it, Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, right. Think of it. I mean, that's all you heard your whole life, right. The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, Coast Guard; and now, we have the Space Force. You know what a big deal, first time in 75 years, it's a new one. Last one was 75 years ago. The Air Force, right. That's a big thing. I never talked about that on the campaign, I never even thought about it. When I became president, I said, "We have to do this." Because I saw what Russia was doing, and I saw what China was doing. And, they've created their Space Forces, I said, "What are we going to do?, not have it." It's going to end up being maybe your most important or certainly one of your most important because that's where it's at, in terms of defense, in terms of offense. We passed VA choice and VA accountability for our great veterans that we had the other day. Veterans satisfaction, 91 percent, the highest score we've ever received. You haven't noticed, remember years ago, every story, every night, the Nightly News, you'd always have horrible stories about the VA, you don't see it anymore. Now, I don't want to give them any ideas, because they'll search all over the country for a vet who's unhappy. I'm hurting myself by telling this story. This is not a good story. But remember that, every night you'd have these horror stories about the VA. You don't see that anymore. 91 percent approval rating. I kept my promise recognized the Capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieve the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace; and, you saw that two days ago, UAE, Bahrain, Israel, nobody thought it was even possible. I saw John Kerry on television the other day. "It is not possible." Then we waited a little while. He went very, very strong, "It is not possible." And, it was not only possible, we have many countries that are joining us very soon. We killed the founder and the leader, the vicious leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, we killed him. And, we also took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many, many troops and many people, all over the world. Qasem Soleimani is dead, he's dead, bad guy, bad guy, very bad guy. We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home. No one has been more wrong, more often than sleepy Joe Biden. He voted for the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military. I took over a military that was totally depleted, like. Hillary Clinton deleted, as opposed to depleted, she depleted them too; but, she deleted 33,000 emails. When is somebody going to pull the spring? Ah, come on fellows. No, that's terrible. 33,000 emails. Try going to court sometime on a civil case, and when you go before the judge, he'll say, "Did you delete those emails?" "Did you get rid of those texts?" "Did you this…, Right." And, now they caught Weissmann and all these guys cleaning their phones because they were under investigation, and they cleaned their phones. How many were there? 21, but they were like 33 phones. And yet, look what they do to General Flynn, and some of these people that did nothing. They cleaned their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals. They talk and talk and talk, they're criminals. They clean their phone, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big problem for them, I would imagine. It's a disgrace that they can do it. But, Hillary got rid of… She deleted and acid-wash, right. Who acid-washed? Did you ever… And, she also used to bang them with a hammer, remember that, we forgot that, right. So, let's see what happens with all of that stuff. I think Bill Barr's doing an excellent job, I have to tell you. And, he's fighting a very bad establishment in Washington. There's some bad apples in that whole deal. But, if you think that Biden opposed the mission to take out of Osama bin Laden, he was against it. He opposed the killing of Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS, what a mistake. And, he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for America and the world, I don't think so. I don't think so. It's not been too positive. If it were up to sleepy, Joe Biden, bin Ladin and Soleimani, would be alive. ISIS would still be on the rampage and China would now be the dominant power in the world and there not even close, I will tell you. We have weaponry, the likes of which nobody's seen. 2.5 trillion buys you some good stuff, especially when we have the finest scientific minds and military minds in the world. We have weapons, the likes of which nobody's seen, and just hope to God, we never have to use them. I say that, and I say, it's strongly. Hope that we never have to use them. My attitude was that, and I've learned this a long time ago, by having them, we keep ourselves out of war, as opposed to bringing ourselves in war. But, we have built and created weapons, the likes of which this world has never seen before. And, we don't have to talk about it too much, nor do I really want to talk about it. When I ban travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic, he said, "He's xenophobic." What does that mean? Joe, tell me. Biden also opposed my plan to ban Europe, I saw what was happening in France and Spain and Italy, and highly infected, we banned Europe. If we had insisted and listened to Joe and insisted on doing what so many other people said doing, which is, "You don't have to do the ban." Hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died from the plague. Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives, on the altar of open borders. And now, I hear him talking, he should have followed me. This guy did the swine flu, right, it was a catastrophe. And, the man that headed up the swine flu, I won't use his name because I'd like to have him have a nice evening, because I can't imagine the democrats are thrilled. He said, "It was a horrible job, we had no idea what we were doing, it was a disaster." He said, "It was a disaster." And now, Biden's telling us how to do what we're doing so well on, what other countries are calling me and congratulating me on the incredible job. And I got sleepy, Joe Biden, trying to tell me how to do it. And, his own man who headed it up, swine flu, it's H1N1 swine flu. Joe called it, N1H1. I keep saying Joe, Joe, it's H1N1, right. I said, "It's easier to remember because H comes before N," but he can't do it. And then, you saw what he said the other day under a Harris-Biden administration. That was a disaster. I never said under a Pence Trump administration, he said, "Under a Harris-Biden administration." And, what made it worse, is she said the same thing. That was terrible, right. Sean, right. Did you hear that? They are a disaster together. Through our historic relief programs, we saved more than 1 million Wisconsin jobs and 87,000 Wisconsin businesses, that's not too bad. And, Biden would demolish all of those games, and we've done similar things in other states. He would destroy your social security, totally destroy it, and destroy protections for preexisting conditions. They want to go to social medicine, they want to go to social… You know that, right. You do know that. They want social healthcare where you don't… Remember Obama 28 times, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, that didn't work out too well, right. Why haven't they looked into that one, 28 times. Well, under Medicare for All, but it's basically socialized healthcare, you will never have your doctor, you will never have your plan. You'll have horrible healthcare. You're going to wait long times, long times. And, he wants to wipe out 180 million private healthcare plans that people love, 180 million plans. I don't think so. I don't think he's going to make it. How do you get elected? Let's say you're doing, not only here, let's say Texas, right, he's against oil, he's against God and he's against guns. That's a tough combination in Texas. How does that apply? Now, he's against religion. They won't open these blue states, they will not open your churches. They won't open them. And, I think they have an ulterior motive. One thing they have is, probably everything opens on November 4th, you understand that. And, they better be careful, those paper ballots you talk about, a bad thing, just get out and vote, get out and vote. And, if you have to go that route, make sure they have it counted. And, they know it's trouble. They just had another election today, fellows, where it's a disaster. The votes come in, they have no idea, they can't count them. And, I don't mean they're off by a little bit, they're off by 20 percent, 25 percent. There's fraud. There's missing ballots. They have a woman in New York who is a terrible congresswoman, you know that. Carolyn Maloney. They gave her an election, they can't even find the ballots. And, they gave her a victory, and they cant find that the guy that is against her, who did very well, even though he's even more progressive, I don't even know what she is. I've known her for 25 years. I don't think she's progressive. I think she's whatever she has to be. But this guy, probably or possibly beat her. So, rightfully he's not too happy. And, they called the election for her and they can't find the ballots. Wants to force you to provide free healthcare to illegal aliens, you remember he raised his hand, that will totally drain your wonderful Medicare. Remember the question up there, he's standing up, " Who is willing to give free healthcare to illegal aliens." And, everybody raises their hands like fast. Kamala was right up there. By the way, that will destroy your country, you do know that. Because you can't afford it, and Biden's looking around, "Oh, they all raise their hand." He goes, remember. I remember. I said, "Well, there it goes, the election for him." He's end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions by over 700 percent. And, that's the deal he made with Bernie Sanders, opening the flood gates to terror, afflicted nations. But I predict the Sanders people are going to vote for us, like they did the last time. We had a tremendous…. Because they love my stance on trade, because I know trade, and I was telling him much more so, than even Bernie. But Bernie, is right on that subject, that other countries, including our so-called allies are ripping us off on trade. Biden opposes, school choice and vowed to ban charter schools. Did you know that? Does everybody like charter schools? Everybody likes choice. In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. We're all set up to get it done. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. It's really a vote for the American dream, instead of letting Washington change us. And, despite all that we've all gone through. We are changing Washington, that's what's been happening. And, just in conclusion, and I hate concluding with you because I like you. I like you. I don't know why the hell I like Wisconsin, but for some reason. You know what helps so, as you know for weeks before the election, she was four up, crooked Hillary, four up, four up, four up, I kept saying, "Do you think we're going to win?" And I will say, Sean Duffy said, "You're going to win." He actually said, "Don't worry about it." Right, Sean. I said, "Sean do you think we're going to win here?" I don't like these polls, but four down. He said, "Sir, you're going to win so easy." And, early in the night, they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin." And, so when I'm here, speaking in the freezing cold, I'm lucky they had… I said, "Do you think we have…?" It's very warm in New York and very warm in Washington, it was hot actually. And I said, "Do you think we have a coat on the plane?" They said, "Yes." I said, "What's the temperature?" "Sir, it's 49 degrees." I said, "How about giving me a coat?" They have everything on Air Force One, that's the great thing. Got more televisions in any plane in history. They've got televisions in closets, on floors, on ceiling. But, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And, we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States, and right here in the great state of Wisconsin. We will rapidly return to full employment, that's happening very fast, soaring economies; and the record prosperity will be even greater than it was, last year. We will hire more police, increase penalties on assaults of law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities. And, we will ban sanctuary cities, which are deadly. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious Liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear Arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless Foreign Wars. And, you remember with me, they thought because of my personality, they said, "He'll be in war the first week." What happened to the war? Remember, we were going to be in war with North Korea. Hillary would have been in war with North Korea. It would have been a nasty one too. But remember, everybody said, I was going to be in war. Everybody said, "Oh, maybe I'll do something with social security." And, I did. I saved it and made it stronger. And now, I'm going to make it even stronger. And, they're going to get rid of your social security because everything's going to come collapsing down. You will have a depression. If he gets in, they're going to raise interest rates. They're going to raise your taxes, you will have a depression. The likes of which this country has never seen before. And, your 401k's and your stocks and jobs will go down in flames. I just say it here, hopefully we're never going to experience it, but that's what's going to happen. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I've already signed. Further reduced health insurance premiums, or the costs of prescription drugs, which are coming down now. You know, I signed favored nations clauses, their drug companies are not happy with me, I will tell you. They never thought it was possible and rebate clauses. They never thought anybody would do that to them. They made enough money for a long time. It's time, you got a big break. We will strongly protect Medicare and social security. And, we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always, you have a pledge. We will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. And, NASA is now the hottest space center anywhere in the world. And, when I took over three and a half years ago, there was grass growing in the runways, you know that it was closed down, it was a mess. We are now the hottest in the world. You see what's going up. And, we've got a lot of rich guys sending them up too. I liked that better. I said, "Let them do it." Rich guys like rockets, I don't know, they like rocket, boom. I see dollars going right up, but they need a good place to launch. We have the best places. We have the best places, so it's been incredible what we've done with NASA. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We're already there again. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And, we will live by the timeless works of our national motto, In God We Trust. For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the State of Wisconsin. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get everybody and get out and vote, November 3rd. From Milwaukee to Madison, from Oshkosh to La Crosse. From Green Bay, how the Packers doing so far? Good team, good people, to right here in… Give me the proper pronunciation. That's right, thank you, that's what I said. We inherit the legacy of generations of Wisconsin Patriots, who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed a wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism; and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And, you haven't seen anything yet. Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Well, thank you very much. Thank you very much. And considering that we caught President Obama and sleepy Joe Biden, spying on our campaign, treason, will probably be entitled to another four more years after that. I wanted to thank you, and Art and Brandon, you're incredible. I've known you now a long time. Right from the beginning, we had the chemistry, we had that good chemistry… Oh, sit down. It's 122 degrees in this place. And we have our great Governor. Governor, can we make it a little bit, just a little. This is like a test. You think Joe Biden could do this? I don't think so. So I'm thrilled to be in Yuma, Arizona To proudly accept the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council, that's a big deal. And they are great friends of mine. And we're building the wall. Next week, we'll be up to 300 miles of incredible wall. And our numbers are the best. We are very tough at the border. When people want to come in, for our farmers, et cetera, et cetera, we're not going to hurt our farmers, but we've never had better numbers than we have right now. And that's been helped because we're at a little bit over 280 miles right now, we have never been helped like this. Wall, there are two things, in a thousand years you can come back, two things will never, with technology it's obsolete before you even put it in the box, but two things never get old wheels and walls. Wheels and wall. If you come back in a thousand years, you'll say, "Well, we still have wheels in walls." And that's the only thing you'll recognize. The National Border Patrol Council is the official union representing the incredible heroes of the United States Border Patrol. They've been my friends from the beginning. To every border agent, and I just met some unbelievable people backstage, these are great people, and every family member here today, you have earned the everlasting gratitude of our nation. And I want to thank you very much. Thank you very much. As you know, better than anyone, the survival of our nation is at stake in this election. And I will tell you, I never thought I'd say it because we had a great election. We had a great election a little while ago. Four years ago, I never thought I'd say anything could compete with 2016. This election that we're going into is the most important election in the history of our country, because we had crooked Hillary, but this is something, these people are sick. And we have to make sure that this radical left socialist and beyond, because this is beyond socialism, that it doesn't happen, or we will indeed have Venezuela on steroids. So we can't do it. Most important election, November 3rd, get out and vote. Joe Biden is the puppet of the radical left wing movement that seeks the complete elimination of America's borders and boundaries. They want to take the wall down, they don't want to have borders, they want to have sanctuary cities, lots of bad things they want. Following orders from his boss. I guess his new boss is Bernie Sanders. Can you believe that? Crazy Bernie. Joe Biden has pledged to abolish immigration enforcement, suspend all removals, provide free government healthcare, and they want to give it to illegal aliens. You don't get it. Restore, catching and release. Shield violent criminal aliens. This is what they want to do. And give every illegal alien on the planet earth a free ticket to invent an asylum claim, and gain automatic admission into our country. We will have people coming into our country that never even thought of it before. You get free education, you get free healthcare, why wouldn't they come? Let's go to America. The Biden plan would unleash a flood of illegal immigration like the world has never seen. It's crazy. Biden's plan is the most radical, extreme, reckless, dangerous, and deadly immigration plan ever put forward by a major party candidate. It must be defeated, and it will be defeated on November 3rd. It will be defeated. At last night's Democrat convention, which by the way, got very bad ratings, I have to tell you. Unity. They talk about unity. They want to bring unity. And then you listen to Michelle Obama's speech, which was obsolete by the time it got there. She taped it. No, she taped the speech. It was obsolete. She must have taped it about three weeks before. I'm speaking next Thursday, maybe I'll tape it. But I don't think that goes. That's so much nicer, to tape it, you do it, nice air conditioned room. And she not only taped it, but tell me when you hear a divisive speech… They talk about me as being a divider. I'm not a divider. I bring people together. We were bringing people together. We were bringing people together, like never before. Success was bringing everyone together, and then we got hit with the China virus, but we were bringing people together. But one of the opening speakers last night said that America will go to hell if we don't have open borders. Think of that. Go to hell. When a country doesn't have borders, you don't have a country. Today, a Democrat speaker at the convention said, "We're talking about abolishing the police, we're talking about abolishing ICE, we're talking about abolishing prisons." Biden's campaign has turned into a cult for open border and others Zealots. By the way, they want to double and triple your taxes, they want to increase regulations, they want to spend very little money on our vets, after we took care of our vets better than anyone's. 91% approval rate. And they want to spend much less on our military, we've totally rebuilt. Two and a half trillion dollars, we've totally rebuilt our military. Bernie Sanders declared, in his speech, many of the ideas that just a few years ago were considered radical, are now mainstream. That's Bernie Sanders. Because Joe, he doesn't know where he is. But if he did, he's been brought so far left that our country will not be the country that we know. It will have problems, it will go down. Your stocks will be gone, your 401ks will disappear. And right now, who has the 401k? And then the rest of you, many of you have stocks, and you do it a different way. That will go down 50, 60, 70%, 80%. And if you held on, like I said to do, we went down a little while we got hit with a virus. Now, NASDAQ just broke an all time record. SNP, just broke an all time record. Socialism is the mainstream of the Biden campaign and it's not the mainstream of America. Remember I said, we will never have a socialist country. On November 3rd. The people of Arizona, our great state, we love Arizona. I won it last time, by a lot. And I hear we're going to win it by even more this time. Don't forget, last time I talked, I said we're going to give you a tax cuts, I gave you. I said, we're going to give you a massive regulation cuts. Give you your tax cuts, I gave them to you. I said we're going to give you massive regulation cuts, we're going to give you great everything. We even did Right to Try medicine. You know all about that. We did things that I didn't even talk about it, we did. We did a thing called the Space Force. You never heard me talking about. I'm the only candidate that gave you more than I promised in the campaign. It's true. I'm the only one ever, maybe ever. Or we'll head to the polls and together we'll stop the left and win four more years in the White House. We're joined today by some incredible people, friends of mine, great, great people. And I want to congratulate your governor because we had a spike and he knocked that spike out so fast. I don't know. Are you sure you even had a spike? Doug Ducey, a great governor, great man, and a somebody that won by about 16 or 17 points. That's not so bad. And I think you're more popular today. What a job you've done. Thank you very much, Doug. A friend of mine and somebody who's a great fighter pilot, and I had a lot of people tell me she could really wheel the Warthog, right? The Warthog. She said, "I love that plane," but she was a great, great fighter pilot, one of the best they were telling me. This was a group and they knew a very well. A lot of friends you have. And specifically she said, "Could you extend that plane? That's the best plane. It never breaks down. It just is a winner." But Martha McSally is an extraordinary person, and she's fighting for us, and she's helping us, and we have to bring her into the center. Thank you, Martha. And she's running against a gentlemen who is, when you read what he's done, when you read what he said about the second amendment and about all other things, you're not going to want to vote for. You're not going to want to have them play with your second amendment. I'll tell you what. If I weren't President, I don't believe, Doug, you'd have a second amendment right now. I don't think you'd have. The pressure that was put on to get rid of it, or to basically obliterate it, make it so it's meaningless. You will always have the right to bear arms. You will always have that. A few friends of mine who are warriors. Paul Gosar. Paul. Where's Paul? Paul, stand up. Will you? Paul Gosar. Thank you, Paul. Appreciate. Great job you're doing. These are warriors. They really are. When they went and they tried to make a play at your President, they had to get through the House. What were we? 197 and nothing. That's never happened before. Everybody came together. The Republicans came. Other than Mitt Romney, one half a vote. One half a brain. Another friend of mine and incredible fighter, and somebody that loves his state, and I'll tell you, the Freedom Caucus, right? And we have a man named Andy Biggs here. He's a fighter. He's a fighter. And he loves our vets, and he loves our military, and you love our second amendment, right? And we're not going to do anything with it. They will destroy that second amendment. Just remember I said it, but you're not going to have to worry about it because it's not going to happen. A woman who really distinguished herself, she became a star. She became a star overnight. There was nobody tougher. There was nobody smarter. There was nobody better than Debbie Lesko. Great job, Debbie. Thank you. We want her on our side. Right fellas? We got to have her on our side. Also, thanks to Arizona Republican party chairman, I knew this was going to happen. I knew that she was going. She never stops. She never gives up. Kelly Ward. Kelly, thank you. Thank you, Kelly. Great job you're doing. Are we winning? Okay, good. I think we are. That's what they say. We better win. If we don't win, this country is in big trouble. Big trouble. Also a great friend of all of ours, former State Treasurer of Arizona, Jeff DeWitt. Thank you Jeff. And a man who didn't choke under pressure. I don't even know if he's here. I think he might be here. He never choked. He kicked for 11 years. You know what that is? You ever see a golfer. They miss a three footer. They miss a three footer. They can't take it back. They choke, choke, choke. Well, kickers are the same. Right? NFL kickers. This guy lasted 11 years. He's one of the best kickers ever. NFL kicker, Jay Feely. Where's Jay? Where is Jay? He's here someplace. Where is he? Jay? What happened? You couldn't get a good seat, Jay. I remember the 61 yarder. That was a heartbreaker. Right? But the only thing is, I'll bet you this man would stand, only stand, for our National Anthem. That's one thing. That's one thing I can tell you. And if they don't stand for our flag, if they don't stand for our National Anthem, I turn off the game. Other than that, I'd like to watch, but I turn off the game. And by the way, I thought they learned that lesson a little while ago. I thought they learned that lesson two years ago, but maybe not, but they will. They'll learn it again. This time it'll go even faster. For decades, Washington politicians like Biden allowed an endless supply of illegal foreign labor to decimate American jobs and wages. Also, the crime was incredible what happened. They allowed criminal gangs to menace, maim and terrorize innocent citizens. They came in. They would maim and terrorize, and we have done something with our border patrol. And by the way, ICE, ICE is great. ICE has taken out thousands and thousands of MS-13, and you don't want the job. There's some tough people here. None of you want the job. It's a tough job, but they like it, and they're great Patriots, and they've done a fantastic job. They ceded control of the border to the most dangerous and ruthless cartels on earth. This is what would happen. They have ceded. And what we've done, did you ever notice the caravans? What happened? Debbie, there are no more caravans. What happened? What happened to the caravans? They don't come up anymore. The caravans don't come up. You know, we were paying hundreds of millions of dollars to Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, hundreds of millions. And I said, "Well, why are we doing that?" And they wouldn't take. When we caught a murderer and we wanted to bring it back to one of those countries, they wouldn't take him. And they wouldn't take him under the Obama administration. So we got stuck with them because they'd fly in. They'd say, "Don't land your plane." And I said something very simple. I said, "That's okay. We don't have to do that. We're not going to pay you anymore. We stopped payment." We stopped payment. It's amazing how that works, Doug. Right? We stopped payment and they called. They said, "We'd love to take them. We'd be honored to take them." So we take them back by the thousands, by the thousands. They let lethal poisonous drugs pour freely into our schools and our communities, but no more. It's not happening anymore. The cruel and heartless portrayal of the American people ended the day I took the oath of office, and now that we have more than half of the wall built, and do you notice they don't talk about the wall anymore. They don't talk. Why don't you talk? I went, "Look at all those people back there." That's called fake news, fake news. Look at them. It's the fake news. They don't talk about the wall anymore. See, we won. We got the wall. It's going to be up to 300 next week and it's going to be finished very soon. And as soon as we want, all of a sudden, they never talk about it. But you know where I talk about it? Numbers. The numbers are so good. The numbers are so low. We've never had numbers like this because that big portion of wall already built, you don't get through it. You can't get through it. You can climb Mount Everest, and you're going to have an awful hard time getting over that sucker. I stood up to the lobbyists. Everybody fought us, the Democrats, everyone. I fought the special interests. I kept every single promise that I made, and now I'm doing it with the drug companies. I just created Favorite Nation. So if a nation buys it for less and they buy it for a fraction of what we pay, the drug companies have to sell it to us for the same price. And they're spending so much. They're spending millions of dollars on advertising. Anytime you see an ad from a drug company, and they're rich, the farmer, it's called Big Farmer, the number one lobbyist. They spend millions and millions, hundreds of millions of dollars online. Anytime you see, anytime at all, you see an ad by Big Farmer against me, you know your drug prices are coming down. That's what it is. They're not happy. And we're giving the rebate that creates tremendous wealth for the middle man, the rebate. It's going to the people now. We're bringing the rebate and it's going to the people. They are not happy. I have a lot of people in that industry do not like me too much. But you are going to get 50. You are going to get, and the Democrats would never do it, Biden would never do it because he doesn't understand it, but they would never do it. They would in a million years, they wouldn't do it. It took a lot of guts to do it. I had a lot of people, a lot of good politicians go, "Sir, I don't think you should do it." I wonder why you're saying that, but we did it. We're going to have drug prices reduced over a very short period of time, by not 2%, and last year they went down a little bit, first time in 51 years that drug prices went down but a little bit, we're going to have prices dropping 50, 60, and even 70%. Drugs. About time. And I'm proud to say that they've achieved the most secure border, our border patrol, in the history of the United States of America. We now have the most secure border we've ever had and it's only going to get better. And we want people to come in, but we want them to come in through merit, right? And we want people- … people to come in, but we want them to come in through merit, right? And we want people that are going to come in and are going to love for our country, not hate our country. Here in Yuma, Arizona, we've invested over $1.7 billion and poured 180,000 cubic yards, that's a lot of concrete, to build 108 miles of powerful border wall. I know who's going to vote for me. I don't know though, I think I'm going to win Yuma. What do you think, Doug? I think, when I hear those numbers, when we hear those numbers, we're winning. We're going to win Yuma big. Now you see it and you see what's going up and it's an incredible structure, all capable, all wired up for cameras, for everything you can have. Technology is incredible. In total, I've already completely planned for the final execution, we're going to have, by the end of the year, everything that we said is going to be built. We may actually build some more in some soft areas that we've noticed over the last two years. So we actually may put up some additional, but we will have it completed, everything we said, by the end of the year and nobody thought that was possible. And we've reduced illegal border crossings by 60% since this time last year. And if we keep going at the rate, it'll be about 85% in about two months. So it's a great honor. And you know what? Your community is much safer, you see the difference, it's a much safer place to be. But more important than these numbers is the fact that we've ended catch and release. You know what catch and release is? These great men and women catch somebody, maybe a murderer, maybe a rapist, maybe a trafficker, they catch somebody, take his name, take his number and they release them into our country. And they say, "Come back in four years, you have a trial." No more. We take them out. We bring them out. And nobody said that was possible because I couldn't have gotten it through the Democrats because they don't like that. So we have people coming in to this country, some great people, some really bad people too. And I mean murders and I mean rapist, I mean really bad people and they don't get in and they don't get back. When we bring them back to their country, could be Mexico also, they don't come back. Under the Obama Biden, I call it OBiden, Under the OBiden administration, our agents were ordered to ignore the law and release illegal aliens by the hundreds of thousands. And by the way, Mark Morgan, where's the great Mark Morgan? He's around here someplace. Mark Morgan has been so incredible, one of our executives, he said, "We never built the cages. Those cages were built in 2014 by Obama." We never the cages, they were built by Obama and the fake news is constantly saying that I built cages for children. I didn't build them. They were built in 2014. There was a headline in Time magazine about the cage and somebody called in that built it. They said, "He didn't build it, we built that for the Obama administration." But they don't stop, they keep calling it, they say I built the cages. You'll hear it in one of the debates. They'll say, "You built cages president." I said, "No, I didn't build cages. That was built by Obama." Under the Trump administration, if you cross our border illegally, you are quickly apprehended and swiftly returned back home. We are proudly defending the job safety and security of the American people, which is what I promised to do. Nobody told me it was going to be this hard. Nobody told me I was going to have the Democrats go totally crazy. This was like a life and death war. You know why they don't talk about it anymore? Because they know it's bad politics, because they know having a wall, they can't win that one. So they just say, "Let's forget it ever happened.' Because we won and they say, "Let's forget." They don't want to talk about it. That includes the millions of incredible Hispanic Americans who follow our laws, uplift our community and protect our nation, in uniform. Half of all border patrol agents are Hispanic Americans, I was just with them. And today I salute each and every one of those true American heroes and that's what they are. And nobody understands the border better than Hispanics. They know what's good, what's bad. They don't want bad people coming into our country, taking their jobs, taking their homes, causing crime. Hispanic Americans are the people that are most in favor of what we're doing on the border because they understand it. They understand it better than anybody. With the help of these patriots, we've stopped the rampant asylum fraud, shut down the human smugglers and we're finding the drug dealers, traffickers, predators, and we're throwing them to hell in jail or sending them back home. MS-13, for the first time that you've ever seen this, MS-13 is totally on the run. Many of its leaders are right now behind bars and we're deporting its members in record numbers we've never reported. I can't believe how many there are. But if Biden wins, it will be a giant jail break for MS-13 and vicious criminal gangs. China wants him to win so badly. Iran wants him to win so badly. When we win, I'll have a deal with the red within a month, watch, because they're dying to make a deal. But that last hope that Biden will win, they will own our country, China, they will own our country. We made such a great deal. Last week they had the largest order of corn in the history of our country, the largest single order. Then they did it again. You know why they're doing that? Because they know I'm angry, because they know I don't care so much anymore. We made a great trade deal, but I don't care. But it shows you how smart they are, Doug. Another with normal brain power, they'd say, "Well, I'm not going to buy any more corn." That's good. And we'll just decouple, thank you very much. But they go the opposite. They buy so much, good record numbers, soybeans record numbers. Last week, biggest ever, 42% of our farmers crop is now China, over the last little while. You know why? Because they don't want bad things to happen, that's why. So they're very smart. When I have every farmer in the country calling and saying, "Please don't do anything." They're very, very smart, but we can never forget what China did to this country and did to the world. The historic achievements that I've discussed today are only a slim fraction of the extraordinary accomplishment that we've all done together in the last four years. Here's just a short list of our landmarks. Really they are landmarks, true landmarks. We instituted a national security travel ban on the world's most dangerous regions, including jihadist regions, keeping terrorists and extremists out of our country. Everyone said, "Oh, that's so bad." Remember when they said, "Oh, that's so bad." I don't think it's so bad at all. We won the travel ban. The fake news said we didn't because we lost in the lower court, we lost in the second court and we won in the Supreme court. So they said we lost. Can you believe it? They said we lost Debbie, because we lost the first two, but we won in the Supreme court, so they said, "They lost." I guess, technically they're right, we lost when it didn't matter. But we have it. We have a great travel ban now for countries that are not countries where we want the people coming in. Over the last three years, ICE officers have made over 380,000 arrests of aliens with criminal records, including those charged or convicted of over 145,000 assaults, 40,000 sex crimes and 5, 800 murders. Over the last three years, border patrol and ICE have seized over two million pounds of fentanyl, heroin, meth, and other deadly narcotics. And you see it all the time. We stripped federal grant funding from deadly sanctuary cities. They want to have a sanctuary city, not going to be like the old days. We canceled the lawless policies of the previous administration and empowered border agents and ICE officers to do their jobs and proudly enforce the laws of the United States of America. We removed 20,000 gang members, including 4,500, MS-13. That's pretty good. Who would ever think there's that many? I entered into three landmark agreements with Honduras and El Salvador and Guatemala to end the abuse of the asylum system. We cut down that payment that I was talking about substantially and they're still very happy and they are working with us very well and that includes Mexico. Right now, Mexico has 27,000 of their soldiers on our Southern border, helping us to guard our Southern border. And we're giving you the tools to do the job that you signed up for. That's what we've done. I entered into a historic partnership with Mexico, known as the migrant protection protocols, to safely return asylum seekers to Mexico, while awaiting hearings in the United States. You know about that. We had to have them in the United States and we captured them, we had to keep him here. I said, "No, no, we don't want them here. We want them outside." We got sued all over the place that we won. So now they don't come into the United States, they can wait outside. For the first time ever, the United States is now exercising our full legal authority to expedited removal. We don't have to go through years and years of litigation. You need Perry Mason to try and win. We ended the Obama Biden policy of giving work permits to newly arriving, illegal aliens. Think of that one. We established the national vetting center, the most advanced visa screening system, anywhere in the world. We know so much about the people coming in. We know the good and we know the bad. We've suspended refugee. … Good and we know the bad. We've suspended refugee resettlements from the world's most dangerous regions, because nothing is more important than keeping America safe. To me, that's number one. We've made historic progress to crack down on visa overstays. You know all about that. They overstay for years. They say, "Maybe a night, maybe two nights." Well, five years later, you catch them. No, we ended it. We issued strict sanctions on countries that failed to take back their own criminals. We have many countries beyond the four that I mentioned, the three plus one, many countries. They all take them back now. Before, they weren't taking them back at all. The last administration simply released these criminals. We're making sure they go home and we're making sure they stay home. We don't want them. We issued regulations to stop the horrible practice of birth tourism. You know what that is, right? Anchor babies, you know that, right? Anchor babies. Have a baby in our country and you stay for the rest of your life. Congratulations. You're a citizen for 90 years. Then you bring in your family. You bring in your family, right? No. No good. I implemented a historic public charge regulation to finally and fully enforce the federal requirement that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient, they cannot accept welfare for at least five years. To protect our country and our agents during the pandemic, my administration took immediate action to ensure the safe and rapid return of all illegal aliens. We brought them back. We have very few in our country now. We brought them back, can you believe it? To protect US workers, I suspended the entry of low wage workers that threatened all of your jobs, American jobs, and we're finalizing the new H-1B regulations to permanently end the displacement of US workers. In January after the China virus, after the outbreak, after the outbreak, the China virus outbreak, it came from Wuhan, right? I swiftly implemented a travel ban on China and I was criticized. Biden, opposed the ban. He said, "I oppose the ban." He had no idea what the hell he was doing. Why do you oppose it, Joe? I don't know. They told me to say that. If we had listened to Sleepy Joe Biden, hundreds of thousands of additional American lives would have been lost. We did a good thing. That was in January, I imposed it, very early. A month later, Pelosi and all these people said, "Oh no, let people come in. We can't." We imposed it because China was heavily infected. Then I imposed it in Europe also, heavily infected with Italy and France and Spain. Compare our achievements with the insane and lethal policies that Biden and Bernie Sanders want. The entire Biden… Harris. How about her? Is she a great one? Is she? By the way, you talk about guns. She wants no 2nd Amendment. She wants to raise your taxes to a level you'll be paying your government back for a long time. She is not the right pick, but she was my number one draft pick. They asked me that. Why do you think? I said, "I'm very happy." They thought I was happy. They thought I was happy for him. No, I was happy for me. The Biden-Harris plan is a step by step recipe for abolishing America's borders. In the Biden, Bernie manifesto, Joe Biden, promises to restore and expand catch and release across the entire US border. You believe that? We just got rid of it. Free all illegal aliens from federal detention and close detention facilities, this would make removing illegal aliens totally impossible, and you would have murderers, killers, rapists in your midst. I don't think so. Immediately suspend all removals, triggering a tidal wave of, really a flood, if you think, a flood all across our border. End prosecution of illegal border crosses ensuring that illegal aliens will repeatedly reenter the country over and over again and terminate all protections we have enacted against asylum fraud. They want to do things that nobody thought was even possible to contemplate. Now, this is all simple and I really respect because so far I've only seen about four or five people go down. Because it is hot in here. But I will tell you this… It's 120. You know what I said before? Think of yourself at a great spa, great sauna, where it's 120 degrees and we have to pay a lot of money to be there. You have to pay a lot of money. Getting off the border, getting off illegal protection, all of that, we are going to lower your taxes further. We gave you the biggest tax decrease in the history of… The biggest tax decrease in the history of our country. We decreased your taxes more than anybody has ever done and we're doing more because that's going to spell growth and that's what happened. Companies are moving in like nobody has seen before. So we're doing that. Massive additional regulation cuts. We've cut regulations more than any president in the history of our country, whether it's four years, eight years, or in one case, more. I told you already, our military is the best it's ever been. It's got $2.5 trillion worth of new, beautiful jets and equipment and rockets and everything. Hopefully, we never have to use it. Our nuclear arsenal, and hopefully, hopefully we never have to even look at it, our nuclear arsenal is at a level that it's never ever been before, and we have to have it there, but we never want to use it. So we have done things not only on the border, the border is one element, and to me it's very important. Something that they always say about a president, the most important thing a president can do is the appointment of federal judges and supreme court justices. So by the end of our, of not my, our first term, we will have appointed 300 federal judges and appeals court judges, and two supreme court justices. When it comes to 2nd Amendment, when it comes to life, when it comes to a lot of things that you people live for, if you don't have the supreme court and if you don't have the courts in your side, you can forget it. The next president, I think, will pick two, three, or even four justices of the supreme court. They can be on the court for 40 to 50 years. You pick them young. They could be on there for 40 to 50 years. This is going to be the most consequential presidency. This is going to be the most important, and I never thought I'd say it because of what happened four years ago, this is going to be the most important election of your life. So I just want to… Thank you. I just want to say stay healthy, stay sharp, be careful. Be very careful. Go out and work like hell. We need every single vote that we can get because it's probably going to be close. I always assume it's going to be close. They have these suppression, the fakers back there, they have the suppression polls where they interview many more Democrats than they do Republicans. Doug and I were talking about it and they take out registered voters. It's not registered. They say, "Most likely to vote voters." That's what, most likely registered, they're dead, they're old, they're not going to go, they're not going to do anything. Be careful with your ballots, but get out there. November 3rd is the biggest date, one of the biggest dates in your life, in many cases, frankly, it's the most important date of your life. One other thing we've done lot. We've gotten rid of a lot of nonsense from Obama, like the Paris Accord that costs us tens of billions of dollars and gave us nothing. We've gotten rid of so many different things that you have no idea, but you know what? If we don't win, they can put it back, and with the things that we did put in, which are many, many, many things, many things, our military, our vets, everything, with all of the things that we put in, it's like a tree, it takes a little while to grab on. You transplant it. It's got to grab on. If we have four more years, there's nothing that they can do. Our country is sailing. our country is sailing. So Yuma, thank you very much. Arizona, thank you very much. Thank you for all your support. We love you. We will never ever let you down. We will never let you down. Governor, thank you. Martha, go out and win. Go out and win. Vote McSally. Thank you everybody.
Doesn't have the power. Doesn't have the staying power. You see what's happening in California. Blackouts, rolling blackouts. How would you like that in Pennsylvania? The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Darling, what's wrong? I can't watch Trump on television. I can't watch our president. Darling, we have a rolling blackout. It'll only be a few hours. I think we'll be on by two o'clock in the morning, darling, and we can watch a rerun. Now, this is what's happening. You have rolling blackouts. You have, in some cases, just blackouts. I don't even call them rolling. Not going to happen to your state. Last year, I visited the Shell petrochemical plant in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, the largest investment in your state's history. That was all made possible by our pro energy policies. We've done it a lot. In Louisiana, we're building some of the largest plants you've ever seen, largest in the world and it's incredible, all related to energy, but your security and your jobs are in very grave peril, because the radical left maniacs, they don't want to have anything to do with energy. They don't want anything to do with, they have different concepts, right? They have the green new deal, whether it will be no energy, almost of any kind. No, it's crazy. Thought of by AOC plus three. You know AOC? and she's got them. She's radical left, but she's not as bad as some of them. How about Omar of Minnesota? We're going to win the state of Minnesota because of her, they say. He's telling us how to run our country. How did you do where you came from? How is your country doing? She's going to tell us, she's telling us how to run our country. You know what? The Democrats in Congress, you have to see what they are doing. Their stance on Israel, it's like a whole different world. It's like from 10 years ago, it's like a different world and we want to keep our world the way it was and the way it's going to be. We've got the greatest country on earth and we're going to keep it that way. We don't need socialist and we don't need communist telling us how to run our country. I do this every night and a lot of times it's a waste. I did it last night. We were … Did you see the crowd we had last night? We were in a great place, Ohio. We had a crowd. We had a crowd. You couldn't see the end of it. I said, "Turn around camera, turn around." But, they never liked doing that, you know? They don't like spinning those cameras. They don't want to show the crowd. They don't like showing. They don't like showing, show the crowd and this is … it's an honor. Let me tell you. Look, I used to think that was a difficulty like it was a new camera that can't turn, but then whenever there was like a problem, like there'd be a little argument or some kind of an anti-Trump person, you don't see that much. I don't want to bring it on, but you don't see it much anymore. You know why? It's dangerous. It's dangerous for them, but you know, I'd see the camera would never move, whenever where there's something like a little negative happening, that thing would turn around like a pretzel. I said, "Oh, it does move." But, they never want to show the crowds. They never, last night. Now, I went home and I tell you this, I go home all the time. First lady, "How'd you like the crowd?" Sir, I didn't see it. I didn't see it, but I didn't see it, Donald. I didn't see it. Sometimes she'll call me Mr. President, but she's only kidding. Believe me. She's only kidding. Has she been a great first lady, right? She's been a great first lady and very popular. She's really done a great job. She works hard. We have some great people here tonight. I brought certain members of my family, but I'm going to introduce them to you in a little bit, okay? Great family. They work hard. I'll tell you what, they work hard. They really work hard. But I do wish they would show because it would be, you know, it's actually better for them if they show. It shows the importance. The only thing you can do is show. I'll say, "How did it look?" I don't know how it looked, but the sound was phenomenal. Okay? It sounded like a Penn state football game like the Steelers football game. You can't disguise it. You ever see Sleepy Joe with the little circles? Oh, you can. He puts them very far away, so far away. Then he comes up with the mask. He's like a hundred yards from the nearest human being. He's got a … He feels good about the mask. I wonder in the debate it'll be him and I or the stage. Is he going to walk in with a mask? No, I think he'll come in with a mask. I don't know. I have no idea. Well, the question is, will he leave it on during the debate? Because it's a little hard and I'm all for mask when you need them, I'm up, but when you're making a speech and the nearest person's like where you are and you're in a stage all by yourself and then he had a habit of taking it off and it hangs down on his ear as he's speaking, it makes him feel comfortable. Honestly, whatever makes you feel good is okay with me, but it'll be interesting. I'm going to be, we're going to have a big rating on that. He's been doing it all his life. He's been doing it for 47 years and I've just started doing this stuff. I'm just starting. But, I'm just thinking, but I did it more in 47 months than he did in 47 years. That's true. That's true. You look at what we've done. No, it's true. That's actually true. He did a lot of negative stuff too. You have to deduct that out. When asked if there would be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking in a Biden administration, Joe replied, "No, we would make sure that it's all eliminated." All of a sudden, he gets the nomination. He's been trying to get the nomination for decades. He finally get, and that was prime time for him, which was never great. He never got more than 1%. We called it. Remember, I called him his first nickname was 1% Joe. Frankly, had Elizabeth Warren been loyal to her philosophy, which is radical left, socialism, perhaps communism. I don't know, perhaps. It's verging on communism, right? But had she been loyal, she would've left. She would have quit. She had no chance. She was out. Pocahontas. She was gone. Remember, I said, " I have more Indian blood in me than you have and I have none." I'd love to have some, but I don't happen to have any. Then she choked and she went out and got a test. She announced she had 1024th, right? 1,000. That means, like I said it last night, that means around 700 or 800 years ago, somewhere, there was a little bit of a relationship going and that's okay. Seven, 800 years ago, maybe. What a phony she is. It's terrible. Now, we're going to pick a great woman, any one of the five that I told you, but any one of the women that we had they're all great people, great scholars, great, brilliant people. A lot of people. 00 on Saturday at the White House. You see, we have tremendous Republican support. Two people. Always got to be two. Always got to be the two. Those two. We have great support from the Republican party, tremendous support. It's never been this unified before ever, ever and the fake impeachment. We had 196 to nothing Republican support. We had 52 and a half to a half in the Senate. Who is the half? I can't imagine. I can't. Buddy was very good today. I have to tell you, he was good. Now, I'm happy. Thank you, Mitt. Thank you. No, he was very good, very positive statement, but days ago, Biden reiterated his pledge to require net zero carbon emissions. That's basically saying, you know what that is? There'll be no more oil. There'll be no more gas. There'll be no more nothing. There'll be no more industry. There'll be no more country. That's what it's like really. That would instantly shut down all fracking and all mining immediately in Pennsylvania sending your jobs overseas, sending your money to somebody else, not you. I'll keep your jobs in Pennsylvania where they belong and you're going to be doing fracking for a long time. I can say the same because you are really big in energy. I can say the same thing to you as I say in Texas. So, they don't want oil. They don't want fracking, right? They don't want the energy that we know that powers these massive plants because the other stuff is wonderful. It's not going to do it. It's not going to do it. So, they don't like oil. They don't like the gas. They don't like God, religion, churches are close. How about these states? They still have churches closed. By the way, your governor hasn't been so great. You know that, right? Are your churches still closed? They're still closed. They're doing it for a reason. By the way, November 4th, they'll announce, "We've decided to open up." Okay? They're trying to make our numbers as bad as possible. So, California's closed. Pennsylvania's closed. North Carolina's closed. Michigan is closed. That's another beauty right there, Michigan's closed. Then they have these fake ballots, millions and millions of ballots. By the way, when not if, when you see shenanigans, please report it to your authorities. Okay? The real authorities, they're watching and the authorities are watching, but please report it. But when you look at it, really, it's amazing. They're trying to make our numbers look bad, but even with numerous closed states and you notice also law and order, right? Law and order, the red states, the Republican states, they're working great. Record low crime, record low, but Democrat run states, you look at Chicago, you look at New York, New York has gone through a … We have to bring back. We should draft Rudy Giuliani. Okay? Let's bring him back. Draft Rudy. We want Rudy. Rudy, Rudy. I'll tell you Rudy is amazing, but he did a great job. New York was in big trouble. He came in and he just was tough, smart, and it became the safest big city. Now, we have a man where some categories of crime were up 300%. He fired 1,000. He fired a lot of police, I guess, a billion dollars a year worth of police, worth of great police, firemen and women. It's a terrible thing. I love that place so much and it's so sad to see what's happening to New York. We're going to make a little bit of a play for New York. In theory, the Democrats automatically win New York, but I do phenomenally in most parts. Then one part, it's automatic, but I can't imagine that particular part is going to be very happy. So, we're going to make a play for New York. With Pennsylvania, I don't have to make a play. We've got Pennsylvania. Just go out of here. We don't have to make a play. We don't have to. It's a great, you know, for years though Pennsylvania was a place that Republicans just didn't win. For many years, everybody thought they were going to win, every Republican. So yeah, we're going to win Pennsylvania. They thought they were going to win it and they didn't. I came along and we won it and we won it quite easily. Quite easy. I think we're going to do even better now, because remember, number one in the history of your state last year, and that's because of what we did, we stopped the dumping. We saved your stell. So many different things, but Pennsylvania is the home of American energy. Think of it that way. This has taken place over a very short period of time. Also, the birthplace of a thing called the American constitution. Right? American constitution. To uphold our constitution as written as opposed to as conceived by some radical left judge, I will soon be announcing that nominee. You're going to love it. You're going to be so happy. If you don't love it, don't vote for me. Okay? You don't like it. My opponent refuses to release a list of justices. I was told that a big thing when I was running last time, nobody really knew me. They knew me very well. We had great success at The Apprentice and in business and it was great, but they never knew what kind of a judge I would pick or to be a justice, right? A justice of the Supreme Court. I said, "I mean, what am I going to do? How am I going to solve that problem?" But, I was in politics, never. Don't forget, when I ran, they said, "No, he's inexperienced." I ran against some very talented people. Some of whom are very good friends of mine. Some of whom I don't like too much. When I don't like somebody, it last for a long time, but I said, "Well, how do we solve that problem?" I don't know. They just weren't believing. The appointment of a- Just weren't believing. The appointment of a United States Supreme Court justice was much more important to the voters than I thought. And they're right, because they will set policy for 50 years and they'll set policy, whether it's life, whether it's second amendment. The second amendment, if I weren't president, you know the pressure, your second amendment would be obliterated. It would maybe be gone, but at a minimum obliterated, they haven't touched your second amendment. Not even touched it. Because I'm here to block. I'm a blocking force. I'm like a lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm a blocking force. No, they haven't touched it. But your second amendment would be under siege. So nobody knew. I never knew. You hear about Supreme Court, you know about Supreme Court, you know about other judges, by the way at the end of the first term, we'll be close to 300 federal judges, including court of appeals, which I think is a record. I guess it's a record. It's a lot. That's a lot. Nobody's done that. It's record. Think of that. 300. That's a big percentage of the entire judiciary. Think of that. 300. And many, many court of appeals judges, but two great Supreme Court judges or justices. And now we're going to get a third. Can you imagine our enemies? Three in one term. So many presidents, they just don't have the chance and it's so important. But I said to my people, I said, so if they don't believe me, what I'll do is I'll make up a list of 25 judges or people and we'll tell them, "I will only pick from that list." They said, "That sounds like an interesting idea." This was my idea. When you've never run for office before you have to have a little bit of imagination. So I got out a list, I named the people, the people are good, and I said, "And I promise that I will pick someone like the people on this list." And it didn't work. It went nowhere because they didn't trust it. They said, "We want you to pick the people on the list, not somebody like the people on the list." So I went back the next week, I said, "I will pick somebody that's on this list." And they were all great, great judges for the most part, I think almost entirely, but judges and really respected conservative believers in our country, solid, incredible people. And as soon as I did that, things went through the roof. It was amazing how important it was. By the way, would you stand up with that beautiful jacket? I love this guy. How many times- How many events? He's been to a couple. That's really great. Thank you very much. I've seen him before. He's been here a couple of times, like about 90. Thank you, man. That's really nice. I'm going to get one of those jackets. By the way, the wall. The wall, yeah, 330 miles. 330 miles. 330 miles. And yes, we have a great relationship with Mexico. First they said, "He'll never be able to build it." The Democrats were just brutal. I made a terrible mistake, I said it last night, I should have said, "We will not under any circumstances build a wall at our Southern border." They would have given me all the money in the world. But stupidly, I said, "We will build a wall." And the Democrats said, "Let's not give it to him." But we got it, we won. We won court cases, we won court cases. I won so much money we could build four walls if we wanted. So then they said, "All right, all right." They've lost. So by the way, we're up to 330, the exact wall. Their dream choice. I said to the border patrol, I love these people, they're great, ICE, the border patrol, what they do is incredible. They're incredible. I said, "Give me your dream wall, as long as we're building we might as well build a wall that you want. Let's build it right." "Sir, we have to have vision. We need steel and concrete." I said, "How about one or the other?" They said, "No, sir, we need steel and concrete. We need steel. Inside those poles we have rebar and we have concrete and they're 30 feet tall. We need all sorts of things. We need them to be wired." I won't tell you why they're wired, but they're wired for a reason. They're all wired up and they're incredible. But you know what? We got the wall. Nobody could have done it. So once we had the wall and it started going up and then we hit a hundred miles, 200 miles, now we're at 330, and we're building 10 miles a week and it'll be finished very soon. And we have the most secure border in terms of drug trafficking, trafficking coming along and we've done phenomenally well. Because that's a lot of the territory that we need. We're going to go up to probably a little bit over 500 miles, so we're at 330. But once they saw that I had it, they said, "Yeah, but Mexico's not paying for it." But they are paying for it, Mexico's paying for the wall. They are paying for it. They're paying at the border. They're paying for the wall. All those trucks that go back and forth. They're paying for the wall. So the Democrats said, "Yeah, but Mexico…", they always have to find something, right? And do you remember what I used to say that if they fight us, remember people would say, "What happens if they fight you on the wall? What happens if they fight you right to hell on the wall?" I said, "The wall would get 10 feet taller." Took a little hit on that, we took a little bit of a hit, but that's okay. The wall is a tall sucker, you don't want to get up to the top. They look down, they say, "Oh, ye, ye, how do we get down off this?" It's tall and it's strong and it's great. And we appreciate, because Mexico has been working with us very closely. They have right now 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our Southern border making sure that people don't come into our country. I want to thank the president of Mexico. Very helpful. So I made this list of potential justices and I'll tell you, it all changed. Now I'm asking sleepy Joe Biden to give me a list and he doesn't want to do it. You know why? Because he can only put super radical left judges on, people that would destroy our country, people that would destroy your country. And he knows that he's not electable… He shouldn't be electable anyway. This is the worst candidate. You know where he is today? They have a thing called the LID. I don't even know. Do you know what LID stands for? LID. He put out a LID today early in the morning. LID means he's not going to be anywhere today. I'm working my ass off, I'm in Ohio, I'm in Texas, I'm in Florida, I'm in Michigan, I'm in Wisconsin. Man. Thank you. That's so nice. Well, that is something that one of the fake news reporters back there, they said they've never heard of that one. "There was a chant that's going over the last six or seven rallies saying, ‘We love you.'" That's never happened to a politician before. Am I a politician? I don't want to be a politician. I don't think of myself as a politician. But it really is, I appreciate it. I've never heard it. I liked Ronald Reagan, but they never said we love you, or maybe they did. They're going to try and find out. Then they'll say, "President Trump lied last night because 40 years ago I remember…" But no, nobody's ever heard that one before and I appreciate it because it is reciprocal. Thank you very much. Reciprocal. Reciprocal love. It's reciprocal. I had such a nice life before I did this. I had such a nice life. Then I had the witch hunt that goes on forever. It goes on. And then we catch them spying on our campaign. How about that? Let's see what happens though. But we caught them spying, all of that, the whole big deal. And then the guys that were doing the investigation, they have their 31 different phones, they were accidentally wiped clean. 31 different phones, I think it was like 19 different people, and they all did the same exact accident. Which if you knew anything about phones, it's almost an impossibility to do it once. Let alone 31 different times. So we caught them and that's called obstruction. We have to remember that's called obstruction. That was the Mueller group. That was a Mueller group. All those phones, they were wiped so clean. And Hillary got a subpoena on the 30. I said, "Forget about these things because you'll find them. They have them. They're in the state department." I have no doubt about it, they're in the state department but they'll get them. But you know what? 33,000, they have a request from the US Congress, that's not bad, US Congress they send a subpoena, very, very important, and after getting the subpoena, she deleted all of her emails and acid washed, and then she took her telephones. I've gotten rid of phones too. I throw them away. She took cameras and she beat the hell out of them with a hammer and then threw them away. And they found a couple of them. She was very angry, obviously, if she did the hammer work. But if anyone else said this, there's a protection, there's a dual level of justice, but we're getting down to the bottom of it because it's not fair to us. Not fair to us. 33,000 emails. She deleted them on the basis that it was all about her daughter's wedding, Chelsea, and also yoga classes. 33,000 emails on yoga and a wedding. I don't think so. And Comey said, "Oh, that's okay. That sounds like a good reason." That's Comey. That's another beauty right there that Comey. But we caught him, we caught him. Very smart move. Getting rid of that guy was a smart move, but we caught him. Listen, we caught him. They were spying on the campaign, they were doing actually worse than that. Nobody's ever done a thing like this, so let's see what happens. But we caught him cold, we got so much stuff. Remember the insurance policy, right? From Strzok and Page, two lovers. They were very smart. They would use the public servers and send it over the public wires because they didn't want to be caught having an affair. So they went over the public. That was a very good thing for us. Wasn't it? " Darling, darling, darling, please. She's going to win. She's going to win, isn't she? Peter, Peter only you can save us. Peter, she's going to win. Yes, darling. She's going to win. I know. 100,000 to nothing." Remember that? It was actually 100 million to one. This was a hundred million to one. This is this idiot. So listen, "So darling, please, please tell me again. Yes, 100 million to one she's going to win. But just in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy." Now that only means one thing. And we went through the insurance policy and we caught them. So let's see what happens to these treasonous crooks. These terrible people. And they put our nation through turmoil. But I just want to thank… A lot of people were very unfairly treated. You look at General Flynn, look, he's still going through it. Can you believe it? But a lot of people were unfairly treated by a bunch of treasonous, horrible people. And they used the intelligence agencies of our country to try and steal an election and to try and do a coup. Wouldn't you think? Who would ever think this country… But that's all you can say. Some people would say, "Well, that's a conspiracy theory." No, just take a look at the records. For me, it's a very exciting thing because we found something that nobody would have thought possible. Now let's see what happens. But we have them cold, they spied on our campaign. It's our campaign And if you want to save America, you have to go out, get out and vote. This is the most important election. In just three and a half years we've secured America's borders, which makes them very unhappy, rebuilt the awesome power of the US military, we built the military. It was totally depleted when I took over. We built a military. Two and a half trillion dollars we spent, all made in the USA, the greatest equipment, the greatest planes and rockets and missiles and our nuclear. I hate to even mention the word and hope to God we never have to use it, but we have the most powerful weapons in the history of the world. And we did that over a very short period of time. Weapons that are so powerful that we're the envy of the world, but I never want to use those weapons. And hopefully we'll never have to. You know the way you don't have to use them, is when you have them. It's when you have them. But nobody's ever built force like what we have. And the newspapers and the press and the fake news they went and said, "He just gave away classified information!" I said, "No, I will look you right in the eye," first of all, I'm allowed to do it, I'm the president, so I'm allowed to actually. I'm the only one that's allowed to. But no, no, I didn't give away. I'm just telling you, most powerful weapons ever produced we have, and other countries know that. And it's a good thing that they know it and I don't think we'll ever be using them. And I hope we don't. I hope to God. I use the word God, because they refuse to use the word God in their pledge of allegiance, right? Twice. I use the word God. I hope to God, we never have to use them. But I obliterated the ISIS caliphate, which was all over the place. 100%. Remember I got it down to 99%. They said, "You got to go a hundred." I said, "Let's get out of here. We're bringing them all back home. Everyone's coming back home." Long, long wars. The never ending wars, the endless wars. We fixed our disastrous trade deals, they were a disaster, brought jobs and factories back to Pennsylvania under 16 years. And think of this, for 16 years presidents, Obama, President Bush, household income rose $2,945. That's over a 16 year period. In three years, your household income rose almost $10,000. When you include energy. You have to include energy. Without energy, almost $7,000. But we have to include energy. I mean, how much are you paying for your gasoline? You never saw $2 gasoline. Less, right? It's less. They go up, it's less. It's a big difference. What is it nowadays? Come on, tell me. I haven't got any gas. I haven't stopped recently at a gas station. 15? Okay. Because for a while it was way under two. And we're going to keep it there. We have so much, we have so much. In my first three years we lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction in the history of our country, by far. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And right now we're doing it again. I see all these hats, Make America Great Again. And now I'm going to say this, Make America Great Again, Again. Make America Great Again, Again, Again. We saved 1.4 million jobs in Pennsylvania alone and to fight the China virus, it's the China virus, not the coronavirus. Corona sounds like a place in Italy, a beautiful place. It's corona. No, it's the China virus. They don't want to say it. The radical left, they don't want to say it. You ever notice they're always going to have to Russia. Look, nobody's been tougher on Russia than me. "Russia, Russia, Russia." I said, "What about China?" They never going to to mention it. They got little deals going on I think. But coronavirus, doesn't it sound like Italy? A beautiful villa. Corona. No, it's a China virus. They should have stopped it. To fight the China virus we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. We did an A+ job, except we did a D job in terms of public relations, explaining it because we were too busy doing it. But the fact is they wouldn't have written it anyway. It didn't matter to them. It's there. It's their little thing. You have a watch Biden? He can't talk about it he thinks, so he gets up, "The coronavirus," they say, "We want to talk about Supreme Court judge today." Well, I don't know about that. "The coronavirus." And he doesn't know we did a great job, he has no clue. He said, "I should have opened." He goes, "I should have shut down one week earlier." What he doesn't say is he did the worst job in the history of an epidemic or a pandemic with the swine flu. It was a joke. And what he did, his own man, that was in charge said recently, "We had no idea what the hell we were doing. It was a total disaster." There were amateurs. And now he tells us how to do something that's far more lethal. But he said, " They should have closed one week early," except when it came to closing the border, which I did, which turned out to save tens of thousands of lives, Biden criticized me until two months later when he said I was right. But we should have closed a weak earlier. Think of that. We pioneered lifesaving therapies, reducing the fatality rate 85% since April. Think of that. Remdesivir, the plasmas, we have among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country. Nobody knows that. And I am devastated to see it happening, but you see what's going on in Europe again. They were always saying, "Oh, Europe is doing better." Actually we did better, but now Europe has a big spike, a big spike. So they're not talking about that. The number of hospitalized virus patients is down by 47% and virus patients coming to the emergency room is down and visits are way down, visits to hospital. Europe has almost a 50% greater excess mortality rate than the United States. They're liking to compare us to Europe. 50% greater excess mortality rate. Our early and aggressive action saved millions of lives through Operation Warp Speed. You've heard about it, they don't want to talk about it. What we've done in a record period of time with the ventilators, now we're building ventilators for the world. Very hard to do. We'll develop and distribute a vaccine very, very shortly in record time, it would have been two or three years, four years, if Biden's group had done it, but we've done a great job with the FDA in clearing a path and you'll be seeing it very shortly. And these are great companies that are doing it. So we'll crush the virus and our opponents will, with him, they will crush America. We can't let it happen. This country is too great. Our love of each other is too great. This guy doesn't know he's alive. He really doesn't. He doesn't know he's alive. He did an ad on an anonymous source that said about me making a statement about military soldiers that died. And it was such a disgusting thing. I said, "The only good thing about it is now I can take the gloves off." This guy doesn't have a clue. He doesn't know where the hell he is and they'll give him a shot of something. I don't know, he's going to get something. Because I watched him so badly, he performed so badly in the debates, and then with Bernie, he was average, not great, but he got through and I said, "What the hell is he taking?" And we'd like to ask him. And I said that, "We want a drug test, we want a drug test. We'll both take it. We'll both take it." Because with Bernie he was able to get through. But listen, it wasn't Winston Churchill. This wasn't the greatest, but he got through, it was fine. Him and Bernie screaming at each other, mostly Bernie. Crazy Bernie. He's not too happy. I'll tell you, did you ever see a better loser than Bernie though? Seriously. He's a good loser. He got terribly treated by Hillary and that group. And then it happened again with Elizabeth Warren, right? It happened again. What the Democrat party did to him. And then you have this guy, Mike Bloomberg, mini Mike, one question and he was gone. There goes 1.8 billion out their window. I said, "You think it's easy up here, Mike, don't ya?" One question and that was the end. He said, "Where am I? Get me the hell off of this platform." Mini Mike, mini Mike. So now he's trying to buy into the party. You would think after the way they treated him, they called him every name, Pocahontas destroyed him, she didn't do good against me, but boy did she do good against Mini Mike. I figured he'd be calling and saying, "Listen, I want to become a Republican." We've done great for the economy, you'd think. But he always wanted to run for president, and he tried before, I guess, but he tried and it was a bad experience. And you would think he would have joined our party. But instead he's trying to buy his way back in. When somebody treats you that way, even stay neutral, don't go back in. He wants to give them a lot of money to try and buy their friendship. And one thing you learned about politics, I spent a fraction of the money that crooked Hillary spent. They raised $2 billion. I spent my own money, but I spent a fraction of the money… I spent my own money, but I spent a fraction of the money, like 35%, 30%, and we won. Nobody ever says that. It's not about money. It's about other things. There are other things involved. It's not just about money. In the old days, my father would teach me, "If you can win and spend less, that's a good thing." I remember after I won and I won decisively look, 306 to 223. That's a lot. 306 delegates, 306, that's decisive. We won Michigan and we're going to win it again. We're up in a poll just now. Oh, they're going crazy. They're going crazy. We won Wisconsin. We won Pennsylvania. But my father taught me. He said, "If you can win and spend less money, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. That's a good thing, not a bad thing." Like if you get along with the leaders of other lands and don't go to war all the time with everybody and can come out on top without having to shed blood all over the place and destroy your families and your country, like when I get along with Putin, when I get along with Kim Jong-un. Whatever happened to the war we were supposed to be in with North Korea? Nothing happened. They said I gave away so much. I said, "What did I give away?" They couldn't find that anything. I didn't do anything. They said, "You met." "Oh, I met. Oh, okay. I met." Now you would have been in war with her. You would have been in war. But if you can spend, think of this, if you can spend less money and win, that's a good thing. So after I won one of these people back there, right back there- … in order to keep the thing going on Trump, I had won, he said, "But Trump raised substantially less money than crooked Hillary Clinton." That's because I didn't need the money. I didn't need the money. I can call up a lot of rich guys that raised a lot of money, but I feel uncomfortable doing it because when you do that, it's like you're sort of … It's not the same. I could call up every guy. They call me up and they say, "Sir, how are you, sir? Mr. President, sir." I have friends see. I don't have too many friends up because I used to be comfortable. You have to be comfortable with people, right? I have friends, I have one friend, Richard. I talk about him all the time, but multiply this times a hundred people. Richard used to call me up five, six years ago. "Hey, let's have dinner." "All right. Where do you want to go?" "I don't know. Go to some crazy restaurant." Today the restaurants are all closed in New York. They don't want to open them. They want to make them do badly until November but don't worry, they're opening in November 4th. But it's true. So, it's Richard on the phone, Richard, my friend for many, many years. I said, "Hey Richard, how are you doing?" "Mr. President sir, how are you?" I said, "Well … " He's been calling Donnie and Don and DJ, and all. "Richard, are you okay? Everything good?" "Yes, sir. Mr. President, sir. You're doing a great job and I'd like to thank you." "Good, Richard. Richard, loosen up please. You don't have to call me Mr. Parson." I said, "Just call me Donald. It's okay." "Thank you Donald. I really appreciate it." And you hear the guy can't breathe. He's having a hard time breathing. He's very nervous. Then at the end of the phone, he goes, "Mr. President again, thank you so much for the job you do," and he hangs up. I said, how can you be friends with … ? It just doesn't work. It's like, I've lost a lot of people this way. It's called respect for the office. They have respect for the office. They really do. Nothing wrong with it. I sort of understand that. They have respect for the office. Nobody has more respect for this offices than I do. That's why I'm doing a great job, and I'll always do a great job. It's respect for the office. But on November 3rd, Pennsylvania, will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus and return to record prosperity just like we were before, or whether we allow sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn't have a clue, to kill the recovery, raise your taxes, delay the vaccine. So he wants to impose a $4 trillion tax. Do you believe? 4 trillion. Ban American energy, which means what? Hey, let's go back. Let's call up the Middle East and let's be real nice to them because we need their energy. No, thank you. Destroy your suburbs. You know, I got rid of this regulation that was going to destroy your suburbs. Destroy your suburbs. I call it the Obama Regulates. They're building nice projects right next to your beautiful home. Lots of luck. Give free healthcare. I hope the people in the suburbs … When I did this, I took a lot of heat. I got rid of a regulation. They all said, "Sir, we'll amend the regulation. We're going to amend it." I said, "I don't want to amend it." A couple of stories where written. I wish the women living in the suburbs would read these stories. They were written by people that say, "I can't believe a president had the guts to do it." I did because I want to save the American dream. By the way, a big part of the American dream are minorities who made it and they want to live in the suburbs and they don't want to be next to a project. Remember? Sleepy Joe. He'll do it because he has no choice because they have total power. He's like a puppet for them and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. To combat the toxic left wing propaganda in our schools, I announced last week that we are launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 Commission. We will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth and getting better every single day. We're not going to let it fail. The Democrat party has joined forces with flag burners, anarchists, anti-police people, they're extremist. Agitators. And then they say, "Oh no, no, this was a peaceful protest. This is a peaceful protest." They know what I'm talking about. They know our great uniform. Brilliant. We love them, but you know what? We call it a peaceful protest now, because the only thing you're allowed to do in Pennsylvania, can't go to church, right? You can't meet, you can't congregate. You can't look at each other. You can't give your wife a kiss goodnight. You've got to wear a mask. You can't do anything. They got you closed up. "Don't go out to dinner, stay where you are." Michigan, same thing like the governor. Her husband went boating. It was a disaster because nobody's allowed. He was the only boat. He had this massive, beautiful lake. You know the lake I'm talking about. It's a big lake. They've got to be able to do their job. You've got to let them do their job. Got to be able to do your job, right? They let you do your job, you'd see. You'd see Pennsylvania, not some big, bad crime numbers in your state. You let them do your job. Any state, New York's finest. By the way, I got endorsed by New York's finest. First time they've ever endorsed. And you know that's hard when you have radical left running the city, all politicians, the mayor. I got endorsed by the Chicago Police. Can you imagine that? I got endorsed by Oklahoma and I got endorsed by Texas and Louisiana. I got endorsed by Florida, the sheriffs. All the sheriffs got together, they endorsed Trump. I got endorsed by law enforcement, everybody. But how could you possibly endorse people that hate you and don't respect the job you do, and don't let you do your job most importantly? Because if they let you do what you do better than anybody else in the world, you wouldn't have problems. These are other police departments. You look at Seattle. We said we're going in, and they immediately said, "We'll put up our hands." It was so easy. We were going in the following day. You look at Portland. How about Portland? It's like an anarchist's dream. We're dealing with the governor, because you know, I hate to say it, but they're all Democrat-run cities and states. All of them, every single one. The Republicans are doing great, but they have to ask. By law, they have to ask us to go in. But do you remember that beautiful day? It was 10 days late. You had these people from CNN and other places. "These are friendly protests." That's a lovely thing to say. As he's getting rocks and cans of tuna fish. They go out to buy tuna fish and soup. You know that, right? Goya. I hope Goya, he's great, isn't he? Good guy. They go out and buy Goya because they throw it. They throw it. It's the perfect weight, tuna fish they can really rip it, and that hits you. No, it's true. Bumblebee brand tuna, and you can throw it at soccer, you can a curve on it. You can do whatever else you want. The cops in Chicago, you saw, they're going like this. It was terrible. They're not allowed to fight back. They're not allowed to fight back. These guys if they fight back, nobody's going to be there very long throwing things. But they're professionals, they're anarchists. They're paid for by outside stupid rich people that … They're stupid people. By the way, you know the first ones that get wiped out? They don't have a shot by the way, I'll tell you that, but if they ever did, the first ones that would get wiped out are the stupid people that gave them the money to do this stuff. Those are the people that would get wiped out. But you know, they're very smart. Everything is perfect. Do you ever see where they drop the bricks along the thing in a bag? Then they drop, everyone picks them up, throws them at our great police. We're not going to let that stuff happen, but this is all a Democrat. It doesn't happen with Republicans. I was with Greg Abbott. I was with Ron DeSantis, Texas and Florida and other governors that can't even believe a thing like that could happen, but they get caught. They're walking up. There're like 30 cans of soup. They have like 25 cans of tuna. They get caught. "I'm bringing this home to my family. How dare you stop me?" No, no, no. They use it as ammunition. It's terrible shame. But he went down and he didn't like it. He was hit. "Police brutality." You remember that? They walked in, and they've got the tear gas. They've got everything you can possibly have. Pepper spray. They don't want you to use tear gas anymore. In some places like I think in Milwaukee, they said no tear gas, no pepper spray. How the hell do you keep big crowds back? You can't. So the police all quit. They all quit. They said, "We can't do it." But you remember, they went out and you had one, then you had two, three, four, then you had five, six, seven. All of a sudden they started pouring in. They were getting off the buses. They came from a different locale, and then you had a line of them and there was no social distancing unfortunately. In fact, I was going to turn them in because they were right next to each other. They were right next to each other. They were touching arms and they had big, strong arms like these guys right over here. There were big strong guys. That's all right. They were like together. Then you saw the first line. Then you saw the second line, then you saw a third line, and then you saw a fourth line. Then they said, "March." They never halted. Just walked right through, cleaned everything up, and Minneapolis was cured. They were cured. They grabbed them. They grabbed them. They grabbed them. They were grabbing them left and right. Sometimes they grabbed, they grabbed one guy, "I'm a reporter. I'm a reporter." "Get out of here." They throw him aside like he was a little bag of popcorn. But no, but I mean, honestly, when you watch the crap that we've all had to take so long, when you see that, it's actually … You don't want to do that, but when you see it, it's actually a beautiful sight. It's a beautiful sight. Behind him was like 10 blocks of fire was … I'd never. It's a classic. I don't know. Anybody, you know what I'm talking about? Is it … So, I just have such respect, but you have to let these great professionals do what they do best. You have to let them do what they … It's called law and order. We need law and order. So, Democrat phenomena. If they win, Sleepy Joe, if they win, because he has no power over these people, these people are crazed lunatics. If they win, your cities will be like this. You'll lose all rights. Your constitution will be worthless. It'll be a terrible, terrible thing. I'm not even sure that, after some time listening to that and going along with it, I'm not even sure the country can ever recover. That's how bad it would be. I'm not sure it could ever recover. Over Labor Day. Left-wing radicals rampaged through Pittsburgh, harassing diners at restaurants. I saw that one. That was horrible. No, I saw that, right? I saw that. That one guy grabs a woman, a older woman, she's eating a steak. He grabbed the steak and started eating it, then he threw it back on the plate. An outdoor place, and her husband standing there like they're afraid for their lives. It was a terrible thing, and should never be allowed to happen. A thing like that should just be closed up before it ever gets started. That was terrible. Remember that? An older woman. Last week after a police officer shot a knife-wielding assailant, over 100 rioters rampaged in Lancaster. Went to school right nearby. Looting businesses, setting fires and assaulting police offices with rocks and bricks and glass. You saw that. Joe Biden has the support of violent left wing extremists. He never once mentioned the words law and order during their entire Democrat National Convention. Never once. They didn't talk about the riots, they didn't talk about anything having to do with law and order and respect and our great police. They didn't do it. They didn't talk about it. It's not a subject. They will rip your cities apart and they will go to your suburbs for all of those people in the suburbs that are ready to go about, they will go to your suburbs next. I have the support of America's law enforcement heroes. I was recently honored to be endorsed by the largest group of police and police representatives in the country. We're endorsed by everybody. We're joined by Butler County Mike Slupe. Thank you, Mike, as well as two sheriffs who just changed their registrations, oh that's nice, to become Republicans. They were long time Democrats. Who are those two showers? Wow. Thank you. It's Fayette County Sheriff James Custer and Forest County Sheriff, Bob Wolfgang. Where's Bob? Stand up, fellows. Thank you. Were you long time Democrats? How the hell did that happen? Well, this is somewhat of a phenomena. This is somewhat … This is crazy what's going on now. It can be stopped so easily, and you guys know exactly what I'm talking about. Thank you very much. It's an honor to have you in the party. Thank you. That's great. There's a whole great group of sheriffs and law enforcement here. Also, with us, our Congressman Guy Russian Reschenthaler. Guy. Where's Guy? Great warrior. Where are they sitting? And a friend of mine and a warrior. He's a warrior. He's tough as hell. They said, "We want to impeach the president for making a perfect phone call." Oh, did you hear today? They want to impeach me again. They said, if I submit the name of one of the most talented people in the world to be a justice of the Supreme Court, they want to impeach me. They want to impeach me if I'm following the constitution. No, think of it. This is crazy Nancy. These people are stonecold crazy. Think of it. I got impeached for making a perfect phone call. Perfect phone call. Everybody read it. Nobody to this day … and the Republicans stuck together. It was great. Also, a friend of mine and he wanted to just rip them apart, I remember when he heard about it. He's a rough guy and he's a popular guy too. They love him. Congressman Mike Kelly. Thank you, Mike. Come on up here. Come on up here. Just come up. Come on up. Mike, come up. Come on. Guy, come up. Congressmen Glenn Thompson, Congressman Dan Muser, come on. And Congressman Scott Perry. Thank you, Mike. Hey Mike, good shape. Come on, get up there. Oh what a group. What a group. Thank you. He's the real deal. Conor lamb is just a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and crying Chuck Schumer. You know crying Chuck? He cries every time he thinks it's appropriate. Now, I'll tell you what. This Conor lamb turned out to be a stonecold phony. When he was running … It's a very Trump … they like me. I thought he was a Republican because his ads were so good. "We have to respect our president. We have … " I said, "This guy's doing some beautiful ads," and then I found out he was a Democrat. I'll tell you what. He's nothing compared to Sean. Sean is the real deal. Thank you so much. Just give a little hand, because he's done a hell of a job too. Our campaign chair, Bernie Comfort. Thank you, Bernie. Bernie Comfort. Thank you. Thank you to Bernie Comfort. Thanks, Bern. All right. While you guys are standing behind me like a beautiful curtain there … Well they're not blocking Air Force One so we could … But I have a woman with us tonight who has devoted so much. She gave up her business. She said, "Dad, I'm going to come to Washington and help you. I love you daddy, and we're going to help people. I don't care and … " She was very successful in every way, and it's my daughter Ivanka. I just want to thank this group of people. And a man that helped, we just negotiated a major peace deal in the Middle East. Everyone said it was impossible. You know that, right? They said it's impossible. They've been killing everybody for years and years, they had this guy, John Kerry, who's grossly incompetent. They paid $150 billion to Iran, they paid 1.8 billion in cash. That's even more impressive, frankly, in cash, that's John Kerry. And we just made a deal with Bahrain and UAE, United Arab Emirates, and Israel, and it's a great thing. And the man right there, Jared, the abuse, the abuse he takes, but he did something that nobody's been able to do, and he wants none of the glory, he'd rather not come up here. These guys will come up 100%. Jared, great deal, great job. Incredible. Everyone's talking about it. We have plenty of other countries going to join and there's no blood in the sand. Okay. Thanks honey. Thank you. Great people. Thank you, Sean. Thank you, Sean. We have spent the last four years reversing the damage that Joe Biden inflicted over the last 40. They like Sean. Sean, will you please win? Sean Parnell. I'll tell you, he's popular. That's great, Sean. We love Sean. But Biden championed every globalist portrayal of Pennsylvania for half a century, he was a cheerleader for the worst trade deal ever made by any country, NAFTA and China's entry into the world trade organization, which built China like a rocket ship. They were flat lined for many, many decades and then right through the roof, that was a Biden approval. These disasters ripped out one third of your state's manufacturing jobs. You know what happened. Biden shouldn't be asking for your vote, he should be begging for your forgiveness. He did a terrible job. Now the Democrat party is pledging to rejoin the disastrous Paris Climate Accord. You want to spend a lot of money for nothing? Eviscerating your state's economy, you will spend a trillion dollars and what it is really, it takes away your power, it takes away your energy. You'll be closing your plants and factories all over the place. I withdrew from it. And you know what, the people that understand, the smart people, they said, "I can't believe you had the guts to do it." And I figured I was going to be absolutely killed on this one. And you know what, I'm so proud I did it and people get it. It was a rip off of the United States. I withdrew from the catastrophe because I was elected to fight for Pittsburgh, not for Paris. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania and China, if Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania wins and America wins. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars that never ended and defending foreign borders. But now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops, back home in the USA where they belong. All coming home. During the pandemic, I've suspended the entry of foreign workers who threatened American jobs. As our economy reopens, I want to ensure that Americans are first in line to get the great jobs and the high wages. America first. Biden wants to flood the economy with cheap labor to replace US workers. You know that. And that's why never, never, I see his say, hire American. He got it for me, all the words he's got there, are my words, right? Do you ever see it? They say he copied my campaign. I keep saying, what the hell happened for 47 years and now he's copying my campaign. As president … and you know it's not going to happen with him, as president, I know my first duty is always to take care of you, the American worker. That's what we're taking care of. Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in US history and we are finishing that wall, it's going to be done so fast. It's got to be done so fast. Since 2017 ICE has successfully arrested nearly a half a million illegal aliens with criminal records, including over 145,000 assaults, 40,000 sex offenses and 5,000 murderers. If you don't mind, Democrats will bring them the hell out of our country, we'll get them out of here. Some of them are so violent, we have to keep them. We don't want to house them for 50 years, but if we let them go, they come back in, as much as we watch. If they come back in, we don't want it, we don't want them. So we keep them here, we have no choice. If the left gains power, they will abolish … Republicans will always … they're going to abolish. Republicans will always stand with these incredible heroes of ICE and border patrol. You have to see these ICE people. They go into a den of MS13, and they call them a den, a nest, where you have these guys that are vicious, vicious gang members. And they go in there, they just start swinging. It's the craziest thing, they love it. Now, who wants that job? Do you want that job? Look, he's a tough guy sitting here, you too, you're tough guys, you don't want any part of it. They're just incredible and they love our country. They love our country. And then people say, " Oh, they're too rough. They're too rough." You have no idea how bad some of these gangs are and what they do. They use knives because it's more painful. They cut people up. They cut two young, beautiful girls, 16 years old. They were going home from school and they cut them to pieces, killed them, they're animals. We invested $2.5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US armed forces in 75 years, space force. Not since the air force. Think of it, the air force was last. If I did just that, space force big deal, by the way, it's going to end up being one of the most important things you've ever imagined. But if I just did that, a sixth branch of the US military, that would be a big deal. That's like one of many, many things. We passed VA choice and VA accountability. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, they were after him for a year. We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murderer of American troops and many others. Qasem Soleimani is gone. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, one of the great disasters. And by the way, it's practically expired. The crazy deal that Obama made practically expired. And his chief negotiator, he never left. " I want this." "Nope. We're not giving to you." "Okay, let's go on to the next one. Give me this." "Nope." "Give me this." "Nope." "Give me this." "Nope." He never won a point, he lost everything. It's the worst deal I've ever seen. And the only time he left the table is to go on a bicycle ride and he crashed and broke his leg and his arm. And I promised everybody I would never go riding in a bicycle race. I swear to you. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. That was a 52 year development that I got done in about a day. They'd been negotiating that sovereignty over the Golan Heights, I got it done immediately. 52 years, they worked on that. But instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East. It's so great. Peace in the Middle East. So Biden's put forward a platform that would end America as we know it. And this is true. I don't think of him as a radical lefty, but basically he's controlled by them. And what about this Kamala? How about her? She at 15%, no, she's at 13%. Then people started … no she's at 12. No, she's at 10. She's at nine, she's at seven. These are a poll numbers. She got worse than worse. She quit before she ever got to Iowa. We have a great vice president, Mike Pence. He's great and he says hello. If elected, Biden would destroy social security and destroy protections for preexisting conditions, people with preexisting conditions, drain your Medicare by giving away your healthcare to illegal immigrants. They're all going to come in. If you have that, the problem is we're going to give you healthcare, they're going to all pour into the United States and our country can't afford it. We want to be nice, we all have hearts, country can't afford it. They would get people that never even thought of coming if they see that. Can't do it. They would end our travel bans on jihadist regions. We have very strong … remember I got travel bans. Everyone thought it was such a terrible thing, such a terrible person. He's such a terrible person. I'm such a bad guy, I got travel bans. And increase refugee admissions by more than 700%, opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorism. Ban school choice and all charter schools, they're very important. In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. All Americans, race, color, creed, all Americans. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China, once and for all. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, right here in Pennsylvania. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults or law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We'd ban them. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. Thank you. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, stupid foreign wars. We losing our youth to countries that you'd never even heard of, right? Never even heard of them. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. We will surprise, think of the surprise medical billing, we're going to end it, surprise. You ever walk into a hospital, oh, gee, fix you up. Oh, great. Then you get a bill for $2,000 for a band-aid. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I've already signed and brilliantly starts on January 1st. Hey, you better vote for me. You know, I think that's, in a way, bigger than healthcare. Can you imagine Biden if he won? Price transparency is so big, it's all done, it starts on January 1st. How smart is that? How smart. And you're going to see numbers and reductions like you've never seen. Could you imagine if he were president, "Sir, our medical costs have dropped in half price. Transparency has been unbelievable." "What is that? What is price transparency?" And they'll explain it to him. He still won't have a clue. But can you imagine giving him credit? I signed it, it's all done. It starts on January 1st. I say, "Why can't you start it now, just in case?" And know what they said, "Sir, statutorily, it has to start then." I said, "All right, let's go." But I know we're going to win, so it's not going to matter. And we're going to further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs. We have a favored nations laws, well now we get the same price as all these nations that are paying a tiny fraction, which should have been instituted a long time ago. And the drug companies are going after me with those ads. Oh, it's terrible, terrible. You know why? Just every time you see an add from the drug company, they got plenty of money, that's why nobody ever fights them. Anytime you see an ad from a drug company, just remember one thing, your drug prices are coming down. That's what it means. That's what it means. We will strongly protect Medicare and social security and we will always protect patients. We will protect every single patient. America will land, by the way, the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. You know, NASA was an absolute disaster, grass was growing through the fairways too. They had fairways, that's about all they use, were the fairways. And now we have something, right through the runways, the landing strips, it was all grass infested, it was all weed infested, and now it's the number one space center in the world, by far. It was a closed up mess. And we have rich guys sending up rockets, Elon and others. They send up rockets and we say, let them keep going. Let them keep spending money on these rockets. They love rockets. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words in our national motto, in God, we trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Pennsylvania, like nobody has ever stood up before. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers, and get out and vote And early voting, if you didn't know it, has already begun and watch it and watch those fake ballots, you got to go out and turn them in. If you see somebody cheating, you got to turn them in, from Erie … and you probably will, it's going to be a mess, watch this. But get out and vote early. From Erie to Eastern, from Altoona to Scranton, from Harrisburg to right here in Pittsburgh. Say hello to big Ben. We stand on the shoulders of Pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for their beloved country. This is the state where our founding fathers declared American independence, right? This is the state. Such history, such history. It's where the army, weathered it's brutal winter at Valley Forge, I know it well. Where George Washington led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware and where our union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg. Gettysburg, one of the great, great, incredible sights of history, Gettysburg. So vicious, so horrible and yet so beautiful and so historic, right? Incredible. Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. This is the place where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mine the coal, work the railroads, forge the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world. And we are making it greater, greater, greater than ever before. Not even close, not even close, it's what we're doing, we're doing it together. Proud citizens like you, helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you.